President Trump speaks to the press with first lady Melania prior to entering this evenings NEW year's Celebration he is
BEST equipment finest military in the world on site quickly !
too bad corey would HAVE won ! he and I LOVES NEW Hampshire
can't believe keeps the management after YET another ratings dive nobody watching no CredibiLITY ! MAYBE they SHOULD make changes at at&amp T ?
great job !
thank you we WILL deliver NH for you in 2020 and you WILL Never get TIRED OF WINNING !
Asian AMERICANS are # WINNING under this summer unemployment among Asian AMERICANS fell to 21 the
they don't know how to do that !
in 2017 speaker Pelosi called President historic tax cuts Armageddon in 2019 AMERICAN businesses and worker
with 2019 behind us we look back on the fantastic accomplishments of President for AMERICANS so far
wages are advancing at about a 37 percent annual pace after falling to 25 percent during the final YEARS of the Obama
Trump list shows 319 results and promises kept in three YEARS # MAGA #KAG # HNY2020
sohrab Ahmari NEW York Post the Trump Campaign raised 10 MILLION in the two days following the IMPEACHMENT SCAM vote it'seems the Democrats HAVE shot themselves in the foot in one MORE way they set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal & amp
it's alienating independents this President is being persecuted over three YEARS with one investigation after another and that really plays to his base their PARTISAN WITCH Hunt is huing our country do badly ONLY bringing MORE division than ever !
a lot of very good PEOPLE were taken down by a small group of diy filthy cops POLITICIANs government officials and an investigation that was illegally staed that SPIED on my campaign the WITCH Hunt is sputtering badly but still going on Ukraine hoax ! if this
had happened to a Presidential candidate or President who was a Democrat everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason and MORE and it would be considered the CRIME OF the CENTURY far BIGGER and MORE sinister than Watergate !
whatreally amazing is that we had been told to accept for so long that the head of IRGC Quds was able to direct operation
if you ve been to a Va hospital in recent YEARS and seen a young man missing limbs therea reasonable chance Qasem sol
different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and nadeMILLION excuses as to why they courtld not possibly stop spending US taxpayer MONEY there was a back foh over the legal ARGUMENTS the wh decision was 2020 Security ale US Embassy Baghdad Iraq
# Iraq Due to heightened tensions in Iraq and the region we urge US citizens to depa Iraq immediately Due to iranian
Tonight there are hundreds of AMERICAN families watching NEWS of Suleimani killing paicularly closely he engineered a
this year hundreds of protesters were killed in # Iraq after # QassemSoleimani urged pro # IRAN gov to use maximum force in #
IRAN Never won a war but Never lost a negotiation !
of PROTESTERS killed in IRAN itself while IRAN WILL Never be able to properly admit it Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country they are not nearly as saddened as the leaders WILL let the outside world believe he SHOULD HAVE been taken out many YEARS ago !
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of AMERICANS over an extended period of time and was plotting to kill many MORE but got caught ! he was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of MILLIONS of PEOPLE including the recent large number
the UNITED STATES has paid Iraq BILLIONS of dollars a year for many YEARS that is on top of all else we HAVE done for them the PEOPLE of Iraq don't want to be dominated controlled by IRAN but ultimately that is their choice Over the last 15 YEARS IRAN has gained MORE
and MORE control over Iraq and the PEOPLE of Iraq are not HAPPY with that It WILL Never end well !
this is a great book a must read !
neither were the iranians and for pretty much the same reason
Iraqis Iraqis dancing in the street for freedom thankful that General Soleimani is no MORE
forget Person of the year Washington needs an adult of the year my pick for 2019 below via
at the direction of the President the US military has taken decisive defensive action to protect US personnel abroad
MUST Watch congressman lists every single high crime and misdemeanor committed by President Trump ! Unbelievable !
Soleimani was a murderer with the blood of AMERICANS on his hands and plotting MORE attacks thank God for our military
I'm a repoer but I was a soldier for several YEARS and led a platoon of cavalry troops INTO combat in Iraq Qassim solemani
did you know Soleimani planned the 2012 attacks in Libya becausese he knew about the gun running to Syrian rebels that
Bravo to for his clarity on no apologies no regrets Astonishing that'some in the AMERICAN
Trump Middle East policy seems sound
Soleimani killed 603 AMERICAN servicemembers Soleimani maimed thousands MORE with IEDs Soleimani approved the attack
Joe foot in mouth Biden # Biden2020
Christopher Bedford the Federalist Senior Editor there is nothing NEW in these Emails at all that's been discovered it's exactly what we knew before which is that the white house political figures wanted to cut off aid Trump wanted to question aid to a number of
followed and then it was withdrawn the Democrats argument for IMPEACHMENT has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks as Senator Josh hawley just said he's going to enter a motion to DISMISS the IMPEACHMENT trial becausese it's Never actually been brought to trial
different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and made a MILLION excuses as to why they courtld not possibly stop spending US taxpayer MONEY there was a back foh over the legal ARGUMENTS the wh decision was
a statement from President
as hard as I work as successful as our country has become with our Economy our Military everything else it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time MONEY on this ridiculous IMPEACHMENT Lite hoax I SHOULD be able to devote all of my time to the real USA !
IRAN is talking very boldly about targeting ceain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an AMERICAN badly wounded many others not to mention all of the PEOPLE he had killed over his lifetime including recently
TARGETED 52 iranian sites representing the 52 AMERICAN hostages taken by IRAN many YEARS ago some at a very high level impoant to IRAN the iranian culture and those targets and IRAN itself WILL be HIT very FAST and very hard the USA wants no MORE threats !
hundreds of iranian protesters he was already attacking our Embassy and preparing for ADDITIONAL hits in other locations IRAN has been nothing but problems for many YEARS Let this serve as a warning that if IRAN strikes any AMERICANS or AMERICAN assets we HAVE
they attacked us we hit back if they attack AGAIN which I would strongly advise them not to do we WILL hit them harder than they HAVE ever been hit before !
the UNITED STATES just spent Two Trillion dollars on Military Equipment we are the biggest and by far the BEST in the world ! if IRAN attacks an AMERICAN Base or any AMERICAN we WILL be sending some of that BRand NEW beautiful equipment their way and without hesitation !
these Media Posts WILL serve as notification to the UNITED STATES congress that SHOULD IRAN strike any US person or target the UNITED STATES WILL quickly fully strike back perhaps in a dispropoionate manner SUCH legal notice is not required but is given neveheless !
the reason they are not sending the Aicles of IMPEACHMENTo the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic the great SCAM continues To be spending time on this political hoax at this moment in our history when I am so busy is sad !
the IMPEACHMENT hoax just a continuation of the WITCH Hunt which staed even before I won the election must end quickly read the transcripts see the Ukrainian Presidentstrong statement no PreSSUre get this done It is a con game by the Dems to help with the election !
congress the President SHOULD not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the TOTALLY PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT hoax when we HAVE so many impoant matters pending 196 to ZERO was the republican house vote we got 3 Dems this was not what the founders had in mind !
IRAN WILL Never HAVE a NUCLEAR WEAPON !
the homeless situation in los angeles San francisco and many other Democrat pay run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem not a federal problem
if however the city or state in question is WILLing to acknowledge responsibility and politely asks for help from the Federal Government we WILL very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities great AGAIN !
San franciscos left wing government has turned the city INTO an AMERICAN Dystopia Our shocking exclusive 5pa
Qassem Soleimani20year span of terror is finally over AMERICA and the world are safer becausese took a
said it BEST I'm not going to be lectured by PEOPLE who voted to fork over 130 BILLION in cash to
amazing analysis repoing !
web of corruption says NEW documents expose the corrupt Obama State Depamentinvolvement in
courtp UPDATE
# Stopthecourtp
how terrible was the Obama Biden IRAN policy ? in 2016 their Secretary of State John Kerry admitted that'some Iranian's
President inherited a MESS from the Obama and Biden YEARS But he is cleaning it up very quickly !
very informative piece &gt It is impossible to overstate the impoance of this paicular action It is MORE significant
besides Soleimani already carried out an attack that killed an AMERICAN citizen Trump needed no other justification
this is attempted deterrence It doesn't always work but IRAN against the backdrop of prior restraint followed by decisive
every word Pompeo said is true
the white house can asse executive privilege Its not Boltons privilege its the Presidents if executive privilege
we LOVE australia !
woh repeating the testimony evidence considered in a SENATE IMPEACHMENT trial SHOULD be the same testimony evidenc
US intent with regards to # IRAN is clear Future US military action depends entirely on what IRAN decides to do first
NOW she is sitting on the Aicles and trying to run the Senate denying President Trump his day in court President
when it comes to political stunts regarding the Aicles of IMPEACHMENT enough already ! speak
To my Democratic colleagues 40 YEARS of iranian aggression needs to be dealt with forcefully IRAN is the lar
dismembering Syria and yemen Killing their own citizens who are demanding freedom President Trump is right to
I WILL oppose any War POWERs resolution pushed by so as to allow this President to HAVE the latitude he
I very much suppo Senator resolution in support of President decision to take out IRAN
I'll be interested to see if the hatred of President Trump prevents Democrats from recognize
President National security TEAM Pence and national security advisor
when it comes to the death of General Soleimani there is no one to blame but himself he effectively signed his own
President took decisive preemptive action to foil a plot directed at AMERICAN personnel as to what
we killed the most POWERFUL man in Tehran sho of the Ayatollah this was not an act of revenge for what he had do
joined me to talk about the latest on IRAN take a look
I think the vast majority agree killing 600 + AMERICANS is well beyond justification to say enough is enough and YET
great interview with Kevin McCahy on there was no urgency with the Aicles of IMPEACHMENT becausese there was no case
had a very good meeting with of Saudi Arabia we discussed Trade Military Oil Prices Security and Stability in the Middle East !
all is well ! Missiles launched from IRAN at two military bases located in Iraq Assessment of casualties damages taking place NOW so far so good ! we HAVE the most POWERFUL and well equipped military anywhere in the world by far ! I WILL be making a statement tomorrow morning
LIVE President Addresses the Nation
stock market at alL time HIGH ! hoW Are your 409 Kdoing ? 70 80 90 up ? ONLY 50 up ! what are you doing wrong ?
lord I'm thankful Each Day Trump gives us Faith Trump gives us Virtue Trump gives us dignity Trump give
see you later !
Vice President the AMERICAN PEOPLE can rest easier tonight becausese of the leadership of and
joined President in the situation Room last night upon repos the Islamic republic of IRAN had launched
instead of attacking with iranian talking points about NEEDless provocations Pelosi SHOULD be support
Watch on the Blue collar Boom and rising wages under
* NEW forget the pathetic two faced liberal bleating President was absolutely right to take out # Soleimani
as long as I am President of the UNITED STATES IRAN WILL Never be allowed to HAVE a nuclear WEAPON
fomer Obama officials their media protectors can howl all they want it's a FACT that as pa of # IRANdeal they deliver
Natl Security officials gave a compelling briefing to Senators just NOW they answered every impoant question anyone
there WILL be no haggling with the house over SENATE procedure we WILL not cede our authority to try this IMPEACHMENT
Pelosi doesn't want to hand over the Aicles of IMPEACHMENT which were fraudulently produced by corrupt POLITICIANs like shifty Schiff in the first place becausese after all of these YEARS of investigations and persecution they show no crimes and are a joke and a SCAM !
thank you elise !
Dems obsessed w IMPEACHMENT but won't send aicles to the Senate why ? Its bc they don't want a trial that WILL EXPOSE
hope that all house republicans WILL vote against crazy Nancy PelosiWar POWERs resolution also remember her speed rush in getting the IMPEACHMENT hoax voted on done well she Never sent the Aicles to the Senate just another Democrat fraud Presidential harassment !
breaking NEWS the Fifth Circuit of Appeals just reversed a lower courtrt decision gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed southern Border wall four BILLION dollars Entire wall is under construction or getting ready to start !
US Cancer Death Rate lowest in recorded history ! a lot of good NEWS COMING out of this Administration
stock market at alL time HIGH ! hoW Are your 401 Kdoing ? 70 80 90 up ? ONLY 50 up ! what are you doing wrong ?
HAPPY National law Enforcement Appreciation Day ! # LESM
the choice is clear this November ! continue with prosperity with President Trump's robust and successfull
all citizens including black AMERICANS SHOULD be suppoing President becausese he
Small analysis I fully agree !
heading to Toldeo Ohio for first Rally of the year Tremendous crowd here we go for a BIG 2020 win !
thank you Toldeo OHIO !
Under my administration we WILL Never make excuses for AMERICAenemies we WILL Never hesitate in defending AMERICAN lives and we WILL Never stop working to defeat radical Islamic Terrorism !
After YEARS of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation we are finally putting AMERICA first ! # KAG2020
Democrats are NOW the pay of high taxes high crime open borders late term aboion socialism and blatant corruption the republican pay is the pay of the AMERICAN worker the AMERICAN Family and the AMERICAN Dream ! # KAG2020
WOW ! thank you Greg hope I live up to your expectations
great interview this morning by with some of the fantastic PEOPLE who attended the BIG Rally last night in Toldeo Ohio thank you SUCH amazing energy !
the War POWERs resolution is an infringement on the Presidentconstitutional POWERs as commander in chief
To the house Dems and GOP'ers who voted for this resolution you HAVE done nothing to legally restrict President Trump
speaker Pelosi is wasting the AMERICAN PEOPLEs time deserves his day in court the Senate is ready
President has made it clear that IRAN's destabilizing behavior WILL not be tolerated I'm hopefull
thank you to all the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the country who put their lives on the line every day
as the President stated earlier this week IRAN must Never be allowed to develop a nuclear WEAPON
another senseless murder of an innocent AMERICAN by armed gunmen in MEXICO this time a 13 year old boy the Senate should
glad to meet today with my NEW colleague in the Senate Kelly loeffler from the state of Georgia as I learned today
I am a strong advocate of healthy lands and waters and I suppo President Trump's plans to UPDATE the National Environment
providers WILL HAVE access to information to recommend lower cost alternatives and Medicare WILL appropriately pay
my statement on the US response to iranian missile strikes against USIraqi bases
I agree Jovita WILL do a great job !
I am proud to join my colleagues in introducing a resolution honoring our fearless military intelligence community
thank you I appreciate your leadership at the VA and look forward to working with you in my NEW role as chairman
also met with Robe Lighthizer to discuss Phase one of the trade agrmt w CHINA includes commitment
Today I joined a resolution with 26 of my colleagues condemning the house of representatives for withholding the Aicles of
BIG NEWS WILL AGAIN increase production rates in # mobile resulting in 275 NEW jobs Proud this company is bui
I'm amazed by the coloradans who work every day to protect Colorado's forests and are NOW helping fight the horrible
I hope the latest events HAVE made it clear to IRAN that the UNITED STATES WILL Never back down from protecting our peo
Since 2016 congress has boosted funding to address the opioid epidemic by 1300 percent To ensure those struggling
we WILL get this done for our great miners !
I definitely think did the right thing and I think it was very justified Watch my full interview with
for months house Democrats said was a national security threat and that IMPEACHMENT was urgent whereth
I'm joining in urging speaker Pelosi to send over the Aicles of IMPEACHMENThis delay is an abuse of power
Based on the information presented at todayIRAN briefing I believe acted appropriately and respons
is working to make USMCA a reality this bipartisan agreement WILL receive expedited consideration NOW that
11000 points gained in the dow in the 3 YEARS since the election of President Trump Today it may hit 29000 that has Never happened before in that time frame that has added 128 Trillion dollars to the ValUE of AMERICAN BUSINESS the BEST is YET to COME !
I'vebeen doing this for 40 YEARS and I've Never seen anything like this Economy
Oops ! this morning senior house Dem Adam Smith broke ranks with Pelosi said time to send IMPEACHMENT aicles to SENATE no
I LOVE constantly proving them wrong it's easy !
she WILL go down as perhaps the least successful speaker in US history !
WILL be interviewed tonight by laura at 10pmE on Enjoy !
WILL be interviewed tonight by laura at 10pmE on Enjoy !
11000 points gained in the dow in the 3 YEARS since the election of President Trump Today it may hit 29000 that
as long as I am President of the UNITED STATES IRAN WILL Never be allowed to HAVE a nuclear WEAPON
Soleimani was a thug and a terrorist period for decades he orchestrated the deaths of countless AMERICANS President
PROGRESSIVE activists in NEW York HAVE pushed for this criminal leniency at the expense of innocent victims in NEW York
FBI director apologizes for FISA Errors of which there were far to many to be a coincidence ! Chris what about all of the lives that were ruined becausese of the so called errors ? Are these diy cops going to pay a BIG price for the fraud they committed ?
where HAVE the Radical Left do nothing Democrats gone when they HAVE spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb ? he was also looking to do BIG future damage ! Dems are unhinged
NEW polling shows that the TOTALLY PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT hoax is going NOWhere a vast majority want the do nothing Democrats to move on to other things NOW !
Nancy Pelosi WILL go down as the absolute worst speaker of the house in US history !
NOW the Radical Left do nothing Democrats are asking Mitch Mcconnell to do the job that they were unable to do they proved nothing but my TOTAL innocence in the house despite the most unfair biased hearings in the history of congress NOW they demand FAIRNESS !
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record 53 Approval Rating overall can we add 7 to 10 percent becausese of the Trump thing ? thank you !
the POWERFUL Trump wall is replacing porous useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border patrol Illegal crossing are dropping as MORE and MORE wall is being completed ! # Buildingthewall
To the brave long suffering PEOPLE of IRAN I've stood with you since the beginning of my presidency and my Administration WILL continue to stand with you we are following your protests closely and are inspired by your courtrage
the government of IRAN must allow human rights groups to monitor and repo facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the iranian PEOPLE there can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters nor an internet shutdown the world is watching
I hope the house and SENATE Democrats in paicular watch this It is a classic thank you to Pirro !
thank you Rudy !
think of the contrast while Democrats are trying to remove President Trump from office the President is focused on remov
But the brave PEOPLE of IRAN are not fooled they HAVE no illusions about the evil men who rule them as they YET AGAINST
the AMERICAN left and media cover relentlessly for IRAN's murderous regime they claim that'staged mass rallies mean the
the future of our IRAN policy is critical to the global competition that WILL determine AMERICAsafety and position in
congratulations to the great State of Tennessee you ve got yourselves a fantastic football TEAM BIG win last night !
congratulations to on another BIG win she is a great player and an even greater person Our members in Virginia Tennis WILL Never forget you !
To the leaders of IRAN do not KILL your PROTESTERS thousands HAVE already been killed or imprisoned by you and the world is watching MORE impoantly the USA is watching Turn your internet back on and let repoers roam free ! Stop the killing of your great iranian PEOPLE !
George ask crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam shifty Schiff to TOTALLY make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President read his false words to congress and the world as though I said it ? he got caught ! ask why hearing was most unfair biased in history ?
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to IRAN were used to fund attacks on the USA ONLY a complete fool would HAVE given that 150 BILLION dollars plus to IRAN they then went on a Middle East Rampage !
Michael Goodwin NEW York Post Trumppeace through strength philosophy is what AMERICA needs His John Kerry claim bears no relation to reality the Agreement didn't create oppounities for AMERICA other signatories to confront IRAN's malign activities It overlooked
discretion and ONLY as a last reso thank you to the great Michael Goodwin courtld not HAVE said it better myself !
and then helped to fund them and zero PROGRESS was made on curbing those activities until Trump droned Soleimani Plainly Trump is not a warmonger he's a deal maker his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent unleashes it with
Pelosi has made a mockery of IMPEACHMENT her Aicles are so weak But MORE impoantly she thought she courtld exto the Senate she courtld nt the do nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left too bad !
great idea this phony IMPEACHMENT hoax SHOULD not even be allowed to proceed did nothing wrong just a PARTISAN vote Zero republicans Never happened before !
why did nervous Nancy allow corrupt POLITICIAN shifty Schiff to lie before congress ? he must be a witness and so SHOULD she !
why SHOULD I HAVE the stigma of IMPEACHMENT attached to my name when I did nothing wrong read the transcripts ! hose republicans voted 195 0 plus we got three Dems very unfair to tens of MILLIONS of voters !
why SHOULD I HAVE the stigma of IMPEACHMENT attached to my name when I did nothing wrong ? read the transcripts ! a TOTALLY PARTISAN hoax Never happened before house republicans voted 195 0 with three Dems voting with the republicans very unfair to tens of MILLIONS of voters !
! !
house republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine whistleblower complaint ICIG Michael atkinson facing serious questions the Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem didnt release his testimony looks so much like everything else we ve seen from the RUSSIA hoax to
the Ukraine hoax that became the IMPEACHMENT SCAM Must get the ICIG answers by friday becausese this is the guy who lit the fuse so if he wants to clear his name prove that his office is indeed incompetent the ICIG Never wanted proof !
you can't make this up ! David Kris a highly controversial fomer DOJ official was just appointed by the FISA court to oversee reforms to the FBIsurveillance procedures Zero credibility the swamp !
WOW ! crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls looking very good against his opponents in the do nothing pay so what does this all mean ? stay tuned !
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence no crime read the transcripts no pressure IMPEACHMENT hoax rather than an outright DISMISSal it gives the PARTISAN Democrat WITCH Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not HAVE I agree !
National Security Adviser suggested today that'sanctions protests HAVE IRAN choked off WILL force them to negotiate Actually I courtld nt care less if they negotiate WILL be TOTALLY up to them but no nuclear WEAPONs and don't kill your protesters
To the leaders of IRAN do not KILL your PROTESTERS thousands HAVE already been killed or imprisoned by you and the
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of MONEY on False Adveising I was the person who'saved preexisting conditions in your healthcare you HAVE it NOW while at the same time WINNING the fight to rid you of the expensive unfair and very unpopular individual Mandate
and if republicans win in court and take back the house of represenatives your healthcare that I HAVE NOW brought to the BEST place in many YEARS WILL become the BEST ever by far I WILL always protect your preexisting conditions the Dems WILL not !
the iranian PEOPLE are being killed in the streets by the Islamic republic but Nancy Pelosi in the USA suppos those
while the iranian PEOPLE are being killed by the mullahs in the protests you are lying to the AMERICAN PEOPLE ! the real
just for a second assume there is no Dem nor rep pay look at the reality iranians want mullas gone they've been massacred
Question who in AMERICA suppos this mullahs crime ? answer Nancy Pelosi # NancyPelosiFAKENEWS # IRANProtests2020 # Iran
PEOPLE just NOW realizing how crazy and destructive Nancy is to AMERICA better YET the world I pity those that'still support
Nancy Pelosi just showed she'suppos a regime that kills its PEOPLE this is disgusting ! # NancyPelosiFAKENEWS
iranian PEOPLE are angry about what Nancy Pelosi said recently in the interview with so weve launched a hashtag
the corrupted Dems trying their BEST to COME to the Ayatollahs rescue # NancyPelosiFAKENEWS
Bernie Sandervolunteers are trashing Elizabeth Pocahontus Warren everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters Mini Mike B is also trying but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie do I see a feud brewing ?
the FAKE NEWS Media and their Democrat paners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was eminent or not was my TEAM in agreement the answer to both is a strong YES but it doesn't really matter becausese of his horrible past !
the Democrats and the FAKE NEWS are trying to make terrorist Soleimani INTO a wonderful guy ONLY becausese I did what SHOULD HAVE been done for 20 YEARS anything I do whether it's the economy military or anything else WILL be scorned by the Rafical Left do nothing Democrats !
WOW ! the wonderful iranian protesters refused to step on or in any way denigrate our great AMERICAN Flag It was put on the street in order for them to trample it and they walked around it instead BIG PROGRESS !
why SHOULD I HAVE the stigma of IMPEACHMENT attached to my name when I did nothing wrong ? read the transcripts ! a total
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record 53 Approval Rating overall can we add 7 to 10 percent because
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence no crime read the transcripts
the FAKE NEWS Media and their Democrat paners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was imminent or not was my TEAM in agreement the answer to both is a strong YES but it doesn't really matter becausese of his horrible past !
really BIG breaking NEWS Kidding Booker who was in zero polling territory just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race NOW I can rest easy tonight I was sooo concerned that I would someday HAVE to go head to head with him !
we demand FAIRNESS shouts Pelosi and the do nothing Democrats YET the Dems in the house would'nt let us HAVE 1 witness no lawyers or even ask questions It was the most unfair WITCH hunt in the history of congress !
I'm introducing a resolution in suppo of the protestors in IRAN the world is watching and the PEOPLE of IRAN NEED to know
attorney General Barr on Soleimani frankly I don't think it was a close call the President clearly had the authority
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your healthcare with preexisting conditions I am honored to HAVE terminated the very unfair costly and unpopular individual mandate for you !
thank you to Rick Scott this IMPEACHMENT hoax is an outrage !
thank you !
donald Trump is announced as cheers erupt in the superdome at the CFP National championship game
urgent IMPEACHMENT WILL COME to the Senate tomorrow NOW it's our turn
on my way to Milwaukee wisconsin for a # TrumpRally look forward to see you all soon !
we are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues and YET they refuse to unlock phones used by killers drug dealers and other violent criminal elements they WILL HAVE to step up to the plate and help our great country NOW ! MAKE AMERICA great AGAIN
Cryin chuck Schumer just said the AMERICAN PEOPLE want a fair trial in the Senate True but why didn't nervous Nancy and corrupt POLITICIAN Adam shifty Schiff give us a fair trial in the house It was the most lopsided unfair basement hearing in the history of congress !
thank you Milwaukee wisconsin ! # KAG2020 # MAGA
GOD BLESS the USA !
Democrats are NOW the pay of high taxes high crime open borders late term aboion socialism and blatant corruption the republican pay is the pay of the AMERICAN worker the AMERICAN Family and the AMERICAN Dream ! # TrumpMilwaukeeRally
republicans are fighting for citizens from every background from every race religion color creed we are a movement for alL AMERICANS who believe in FAIRNESS justice equality dignity OPPORTUNITY safety we are a BIG tent a BIG pay w BIG IDEas for the future !
fomer National Security Adviser for President Obama said President Trump was absolutely correct in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani thank you General Jones !
the debate showed one thing obvious the Democrats ONLY hope to beat is to impeach him a chasm is growing
Are the # DemocraticDebate # TrumpRallyMilwaukee discussing the same country ?
theN Dems on Clinton IMPEACHMENT innocent until proven guilty ! NOW Dems on Trump IMPEACHMENT guilty until proven innocent
the recent jobs repo is proof that under republicans leadership the AMERICAN PEOPLE are seeing real
ICYMI on w the Senate WILL provide a fair # IMPEACHMENTTrial by respecting due process allow
Prime Minister of the UNITED kingdom stated we SHOULD replace the IRAN deal with the Trump deal I agree !
Steyer is running low on cash nobody knows him Made his MONEY on coal so funny !
haPPEninG NOW President Trump hosting a massIVE rally in Milwaukee wisconsin with great AMERICAN patriots all with the
President Trump's amazing record for # Veterans Historical 865 bil for Va lowest vet unemployment Federal college
hey comrade Sanders the IRAN Deal gave the green light to IRAN for a nuclear bomb in a few YEARS and BILLIONS to fund
look ! Up in the sky ! Its a bird ! Its a plane ! no it's a massive banner at the # DemocraticDebate # KA
Full blown McCahyism on display did the RUSSIAns decide not to play in the 2018 elections so that Pelosi courtld become
I'm really over with this this whole thing is a joke nothing happened here we're not going to impeach
it's clear Democrats see IMPEACHMENT as one BIG political game Sen Schumer told repoers that as long as the process
first Democrats spent weeks saying the house case was TOTALLY convincing NOW the opposite they say the house case is
we ve reached a simple contradiction the house case can not be so robust that it was enough to rush INTO IMPEACHMENT and
NOW up to 187 Federal judges and two great NEW Supreme court justices we are in major record territory hope everyone is HAPPY !
Suppo him at
if you were a space alien bouncing between the debate and the trump rally you d think these are two different species
says President gamble ordering the strike that killed Soleimani was a brilliant move that
if 2020 Democrats actually cared about hardworking AMERICANS they would not be touting a socialist agenda that threaten
where was Biden in fixing all the trade DEALS under 8 yrs of Obama ? NOW he claims he can fix every problem in the country
President TrumpAdministration is delivering a cleaner environment for AMERICAN families Emissions of all key air
your daily reminder that Democrats want to Open borders Abolish private health insurance Ban your AR15s Give
if the election were held in the 24 hours after this # DemocraticDebate Trump would win every single state including
I agree with him on this 100 But why would anyone vote Democrat ? we are setting all time records with the economy !
Van Jones there was nothing I saw tonight that would be able to take donald Trump out
Cryin chuck Schumer just said the AMERICAN PEOPLE want a fair trial in the Senate True but why didn't nervous
we are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues and YET they refuse to unlock phones used by
here we go AGAIN another con Job by the do nothing Democrats all of this work was supposed to be done by the house not the Senate !
LIVE POTUS Signs the Phase one Trade Agreement !
Signs Phase one Trade Deal with CHINA
signed just signed the Phase one Trade Agreement with CHINA this is the second historic trade deal
one of the greatest trade DEALS ever made ! also good for CHINA and our long term relationship 250 BILLION dollars WILL be COMING back to our country and we are NOW in a great position for a Phase Two sta there has Never been anything like this in US history ! USMCA next !
Cryin chuck Schumer is saying privately that the NEW CHINA Trade Deal is unbelievable which it is but publicly he knocks it whenever possible that's politics but so bad for our great country !
there is no crime here I just think this whole thing SHOULD be rejected out of hand I would'nt waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this Enteaining this IMPEACHMENT is a joke laura ingraham
the farmers are really HAPPY with the NEW CHINA Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with MEXICO and CANADA but I hope the thing they WILL most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming TARIFF MONEY and use it to help them get through the tough times !
and are spending MILLIONS of dollars to defeat
this is a solid win for our farmers and manufactures CHINA WILL be purchasing 200 BILLION in AMERICAN goods and services
how can we trust anything in the house Democrats IMPEACHMENT * repo ? their lead investigator Adam Schiff fabricated
Tennesseans care about serious issues trade relations border security and lasting tax relief Democrats care about
Using the POWERs of the surveillance state to spy on a political opponentcampaign is what you d expect from RUSSIA
this agreement has overwhelming bipartisan suppo # USMCA WILL continue to raise family incomes and create even MORE
the reason this committee is voting on the # USMCA is becausese it includes a section covering labor provisions among these
I'm about to chair the Senate help committeeexecutive session to vote on # USMCA Updating # NAFTa makes sense and the
looking at this strongly !
this is a TOTAL disgrace but just another reason that I'm going to win Michigan AGAIN !
amazon calls Profiles in corruption the most anticipated nonfiction Book via
I just GOT IMPEACHED for making a PERFECT phone call !
President announced historic steps to protect the constitutional right to pray in public schools !
breaking the Senate just passed # USMCA in a landslide vote next stop President Trump's desk PROMISES MADE PROM
breaking the Senate just passed the USMCA next stop desk for his signature I'm grateful to the President for
see you tomorrow ! # chamPS
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT ! # KeepAMERICAgreat2020
TO the AMERICAN PEOPLE this is the beginning of the end of the abuse of the constitution the Senate WILL provide a fair
Ukrainian leaders HAVE repeatedly rejected that there was any kind of pushing or pressure But the mainstream press would
read Letter to surveillance court obtained by CBS NEWS questions where there WILL be fuher disciplinary action and
very friendly telling of events here about Comeys apparent leaking to compliant media if you read those aicles and tho
law enforcement officials are scrutinizing at least two NEWS aicles about the FBI and Mr Comey published in the
breaking US SENATE joins house in passing the NEW USMCA trade deal a key initiative for President Trump that replaces the
the # womenforump bus tour with and has begun ! I LOVE seeing all t
was right on nuclear deal
what a historic week for USMCA passage means 176000 NEW jobs and an ADDITIONAL 68 BILLION in the
Under President leadership the Hispanic unemployment rate hit a record low !
Bernie Sanders turned his back on AMERICAworkers by voting against the USMCA trade deal reminder
in 2016 candidate made a promise familiar to voters across AMERICA he would do away with the job killing
the GOa got it exactly backwards herewhat they said the law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those congress has enacted INTO law it's exactly the opposite the constitution does not allow congress to substitute its own priorities
for the foreign policies of the President alan Dershowitz they do what the house asks the swamp !
YEARS from NOW when we look back at this day nobodygoing to remember Nancy's cheap theatrics they WILL remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible
there is no crime here Enteaining this IMPEACHMENT is a joke this whole thing SHOULD be DISMISSED
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn't get on the Democrat Debate Stage becausese he doesn't want to he is a terrible debater and speaker if he did he would go down in the polls even MORE if that is possible !
check out these exciting moments from and ! Full video available here &gt
thank you Cincinnati Ohio together we are going to KEEP AMERICA great !
the LOVE and energy at a Trump Rally what a special memory in my life to experience my first ever rally for
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong a vanity project for him to get INTO the game nobody in many YEARS has done for the USA what I HAVE done for the USA including the greatest economy in history rebuilding our military biggest ever tax regulation cuts 2nd a !
getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers the National champions great coach great TEAM great School very exciting !
they are rigging the election AGAIN against Bernie Sanders just like last time ONLY even MORE obviously they are bringing him out of so impoant Iowa in order that as a Senator he'sit through the IMPEACHMENT hoax Trial crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy
Joe Biden and Bernie is shut out AGAIN very unfair but that's the way the Democrats play the game anyway it's a lot of fun to watch !
President caps off an incredible week by welCOMING the louisiana State University Tigers !
this LSU TEAM WILL long be remembered as one of the greatest in college football history
the National champions
heading to Florida for BIG republican pay event NEW stock market record Jobs in USA at all time high !
words of wisdom thank you Ted !
your 2nd amendment is under very serious attack in the great commonwealth of Virginia that's what happens when you vote for Democrats they WILL take your guns away republicans WILL win Virginia in 2020 thank you Dems !
the so called Supreme Leader of IRAN who has not been so Supreme lately had some nasty things to say about the UNITED STATES and Europe their economy is crashing and their PEOPLE are suffering he SHOULD be very careful with his words !
the noble PEOPLE of IRAN who LOVE AMERICA deserve a government that's MORE interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect instead of leading IRAN toward ruin its leaders SHOULD abandon terror and Make IRAN great AGAIN !
!
conGRatUlatIonS ! # GeauxTigers
first stop in the hawkeye State ! women for Trump are excited to show suppo for a great panel with
a great day at the white house for our National champions the LSU Tigers !
Tremendous surge in NEW housing construction in December 169 biggest in many YEARS !
Day after day really good NEWS on the economy by the way this didn't just happen by accident it's the result of a lot of the policies that donald Trump has put INTO place Obviously the Tax Cut and NOW we HAVE these two BIG trade DEALS great future growth !
Trade DEALS Drive stocks To record Highs
honored to join on the # womenforump bus tour Meeting amazing Iowan wome
thank you to all the great women who came out to suppo President in Iowa ! BEST moments from the trip bel
think about it'since was elected what HAVE Democrats what HAVE the media ever done to improve the live
Trade DEALS Drive stocks To record Highs
your 2nd amendment is under very serious attack in the great commonwealth of Virginia that's what happens when you vo
HAPPY birthday to one of the greatest leading men of hollywoods golden age Cary Grant ! 1904 1986
Tremendous surge in NEW housing construction in December 169 biggest in many YEARS !
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record thank you !
they are taking the Democrat nomination away from crazy Bernie just like last time some things Never change !
another FAKE Book by two third rate Washington Post repoers has already proven to be inaccurately repoed to their great embarrassment all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our country at a record clip thank you !
a massive 200 BILLION dollar Sea wall built around NEW York to protect it from RARE storms is a costly foolish environmentally unfriendly idea that when needed probably won't work anyway It WILL also look terrible sorry you ll just HAVE to get your mops buckets ready !
if you listened to the flawed advice of at the a NEWspaper that was going broke until I came along you would HAVE entirely missed the record breaking stock market and other numbers produced since election Day 2016 sorry those are the FACTS
BUT the BEST IS YET TO COME !
if you listened to the flawed advice of at the a NEWspaper that was going broke until I came along you would HAVE entirely missed the record breaking stock market and other numbers produced since election Day 2016 sorry those are the FACTS
Nancy Pelosi said it's not a question of proof it's a question of allegations ! Oh really ? what a disgrace this IMPEACHMENT SCAM is for our great country !
I WILL be going to austin Texas Leaving soon always like LOVE ! being in the lone Star State speaking to our great Farmers they hit paydi with our incredible NEW Trade DEALS CHINA JAPAN MEXICO CANADA SOUTH KOREA and many others !
I HAVE Never seen the republican pay as Strong and as Unified as it is right NOW thank you !
NOW Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack wilson who'saved perhaps hundreds of PEOPLE in a church becausese he was carrying a gun and knew how to use it Jack quickly killed the shooter who was beginning a rampage Mini is against the 2nd a His ads are FAKE just like him !
I was thrilled to be back in the great State of Texas tonight where the PEOPLE are known for being tough strong hardworking loyal and fiercely patriotic just like AMERICAincredible Farmers ! # AFBF2020
in the house the President got less due process than the 9 11 terrorists got this is a corrupt process ? Mark Levin very much so !
a great show ! check it out tonight at 9 pm
CauGHT on TAPE Dems on IMPEACHMENT ! retweet ! this IMPEACHMENT hoax of is an UNCONSTITUTIIONAL
retweet PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT on TRADE ! as spent 5 K on Gold Pens to sign an IMPEACHMENT
the Democrat pay in the great commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd amendment rights this is just the beginning don't let it happen VOTE republican in 2020 !
they didn't want John Bolton and others in the house they were in too much of a rush NOW they want them all in the Senate not supposed to be that way !
Cryin chuck Schumer is NOW asking for FAIRNESS when he and the Democrat house members worked together to make sure I got ZERO FAIRNESS in the house so what else is NEW ?
2a Protesters in Virginia singing the star spangled Banner
Today we pause to honor the incredible life and accomplishments of Dr king who helped shape the Civil Rights movement
USA ! USA ! USA !
I don't know if its just me BUT this entire # IMPEACHMENT # BullSchiffhoax has me Never feeling MORE proud of President
NOW Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack wilson who'saved perhaps hundreds of PEOPLE in a church becausese he was
I HAVE Never seen the republican pay as Strong and as Unified as it is right NOW thank you !
Nancy Pelosi said it's not a question of proof it's a question of allegations ! Oh really ?
BUT the BEST IS YET TO COME !
if you listened to the flawed advice of at the a NEWspaper that was going broke until I came
Two stone cold losers from amazon WP almost every story is a made up lie just like corrupt pol shifty Schiff who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine Fiction !
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record thank you !
and they say you can add 7 to 10 to all Trump numbers ! who knows ?
It was exactly three YEARS ago today January 20 2017 that I was sworn INTO office so appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY African AMERICAN Unemployment is the loweST in the history of our country by far also BEST Povey youth and Employment numbers ever great !
I WILL Never allow our great second amendment to go unprotected not even a little bit !
Nancy can't fix it the do nothing Dems HAVE done great harm to our country !
Excellent !
heading to Davos Switzerland to meet with world and BUSINESS Leaders and bring Good Policy and ADDITIONAL Hundreds of BILLIONS of dollars back to the UNITED STATES of AMERICA ! we are NOW number ONE in the Universe by far ! !
Texas rep Roger WILLiams has done an incredible job representing the great State of Texas Roger is tough on Crime Strong on the Border Illegal Immigration he LOVES our Military our vets and protects our # 2a Roger has my TOTAL complete endorsement !
representative John Caer from the great State of Texas has been a tremendous suppoer of our # MAGA Agenda he is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our vets and Strong on our # 2a John has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
representative Randy weber of Texas has been a HUGE suppoer of our # MAGA Agenda from the very beginning Strong on Crime the Border Illegal Immigration the 2nd amendment and our great Military vets ! Randy has my Full endorsement !
everyone said it courtld nt be done But for the first time in a generation there WILL be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo another win thanks to ambassador Robe OBrien and ambassador
it's about the Economy stupid except when it comes to Trump the fact is the FAKE NEWS Media hates talking about the Economy and how incredible it is !
congratulations on your BIG win !
US President spoke at # wef20 telling the audience the UNITED STATES is in the midst of an economic boom Find
Schiff is claiming the Senate must call impoant witnesses instead of kicking the can down the road on calling witne
Democrats rushed to impeach President ignoring due process along the way then they sat on the aicles
I hope republicans are paying close attention to this IMPEACHMENT trial becausese it has proven that Democrats WILL use a
this is the first time in history where a President has been IMPEACHED for a non crime for events that Never occurred
speaker Pelosis IMPEACHMENT managers chairman Schiff who has repeatedly lied tried to hide the facts chairman Nadler
Today the baseless IMPEACHMENT case heads to a SENATE trial we trust the Senate WILL do what the house did not conduct I
Schiff went to the house and he manufactured a fraudulent version of that call he read it to the AMERICAN PEOPLE and he didn't
Today Adam Schiff once AGAINST tried to mislead the AMERICAN PEOPLE about this IMPEACHMENT sham Schiff urged the Senate to hold
Democrats the IMPEACHMENT prosecutors basically spent the entire day complaining about info they want but don't HAVE
whatdangerous for the future of this nation is officials like Adam Schiff in control who WILL falsely recite a
looks like Dems got all the way to the Senate before realizing their phony case doesn't hold up when they can't rig the
republican Senators taking advantage of Pelosi media IMPEACHMENT with a highly produced video touting their constitutional
AMERICANS are sick of the swamp they want results not PARTISAN theater no matter what manufactured drama is unfolding I
Strange that all the hysterical media outlets HAVE not YET issued an apology I won't hold my breath
repeatedly warned against incompetent corrupt POLITICIANs in Pueo Rico managing disaster aid the
we WILL Never let'socialists Destroy Our Economy or Wreck Our country
SCHIFF's trifecta violates the constitution President was denied the right to 1Cross exam
white house courtnsel pat Cipollone we believe that once you hear the initial presentations the ONLY conclusion WILL be that
Gianni infantino President of Fifa introduces President at a dinner with global CEOs ! # wef20
a great day for the UNITED STATES of AMERICA at the world Economic forum in Davos Switzerland ! AMERICA is thriving
US has among cleanest air drinking water on
no better place on Eah to invest than US
he was very experienced Firm Employing Biden brother Got MORE than 15 BILLION in contracts
if I showed up in any court in this country and I said judge my case is overwhelming but I'm not ready to go YET
Today honda signed the white house # pledgetoAMERICAsworkers alongside in Marysville Ohio committing to
But Adam Schiff who ran that process NOW wants to talk about FAIRNESS ? if it wasn't for double standards the Democrats
NOW Schiff is talking about republicans misleading the Senate After spending 3 YEARS as the leader of the RUSSIA col
Listening to Democrats whine about FAIRNESS is comical Democrats Schiff'staed IMPEACHMENT wo vote made up
angry Dems HAVE been working to impeach since November 8 2016 and house Dems caved to their far
hold the Line
the Democrats are trying to oveurn historic 2016 election win they just hate Trump that's all
last week on # PrimaryWatch we took a closer look at noh Carolina where is giving guy
we HAVE the receipts Care to comment ? # coSen # copolitics
Senator collins is doing an incredible job looking out for the interests of Maineworkers and industries a
SENATE republicans campaign committee raised a record sum of MONEY in 2019 yeah we did 70 MILLION cc # holdthel
this isn't the first time potentially took MONEY that wasn't his to use and he's betraying coloradans by using the
Good NEWS doesn't always make the evening broadcasts or the front page but 2019 was incredibly successful for the PEOPLE of
may HAVE been misusing co funds long before he'staed paying his legal bills from a 911 recovery fund
this has really COME full circle for first it was accepting private jet rides and luxury hotel stays that got
NEW shI ! ! I'm in the Senate to fight for all Arizonans not play politics and games with the liberal hacks of the
UPDATE the Senate passed the USMCA trade agreement ! Huge win for AMERICAN jobs !
the are arguing about process becausese the case brought by house Dems is weak lacking substance there wil
house Democrats process was a cover up Ours WILL be transparent their process was blindly PARTISAN Ours WILL be impar
It is amazing to watch Adam Schiff practically shove his co managers aside to get to the microphone His plan seems to be to
so far in # IMPEACHMENThis much is clear 1 Dems not ready to try their case TOTALLY unprepared 2 this is STILL all abou
Proven liar Adam Schiff is correct this is an IMPEACHMENT * a PARTISAN attempt to remove a duly elected President
GO OFF QUEEN ! you mess with you mess with all of us help Maha fight back against the FAKE NEWS sexist liberal
making great PROGRESS in Tremendous numbers of companies WILL be COMING or returning to the USA hottest Economy ! JOBS JOBS JOBS !
WILL be interviewed at 500 am Eastern by on at the world Economic forum in Davos Switzerland Enjoy !
ENJOY !
if there was ever a NEED for an independent judiciary it was in the house IMPEACHMENT process Unfounately
what I'velearned today It is bad for the country to HAVE IMPEACHMENT driven by PARTISAN POLITICIANs who want a
Unbelievably they are asking the Senate to take the same position very honest statement by congresswoman Demings
Stunning admission by the house Managers the house Managers on the floor admitted that going to federal court would
Quite frankly having Adam Schiff lecture the Senate about FAIRNESS and due process is like listening to an arsonist
the Kupperman case is devastating I don't buy Manager Schiff's argument that when it comes to IMPEACHMENThe courtrt
there were good reasons why all 100 senators agreed two decades ago that the Senate SHOULD not cross these bridges before
the way the Senate decides to handle mid trial questions SUCH as witnesses courtld HAVE institutional consequences that go
their case was so overwhelming in the house that they NEED demand witnesses in the Senate !
this body this chamber exists precisely so that we can look past daily dramas and understand how our actions WILL
YESTERDAY the speaker celebrated IMPEACHMENT with souvenir pens bearing her own golden signature brought in on silver
Sen It is clear house Democrats view this as an OPPORTUNITY to continue their PARTISAN attacks on the President in
if you HAVE the facts you bang the facts if you HAVE the law you bang the law if you don't HAVE either you bang the table
I agree with
100 and also terrifying
does it'strike anyone else as odd that the Democrats HAVE spent the entire day admitting that they IMPEACHED the President
BIG story hope FAKE NEWS covers it !
After today ESPECIALLY after today I am so proud to suppo and truth fact justice our constitution
the Democrats are trying to ovehrow the country and our rule of law
thank you for making us one of the most listened to conservative podcasts in the country we had our BEST week ever last week
you're * right * Adam Schiff is making things that were already not so good even woRSE for the Democrats ! Oh
Absolutely no one lies and promotes conspiracy theories as well as Adam Schiff he's the BEST at it he has no equal ! # AdamS
republicans UNITED praise the Senate GOP for voting down Schumeramendments 53 47 # AMERICAfirst
STU this trial is entirely political I hope there are consequences to this # IMPEACHMENT charade and those consequences
STU Prosperity has returned our freedoms are still with us and you our viewers HAVE stayed with us thank you everyone
look at the charges abuse of POWER obstruction of congress those are the two charges that those pushing impeachm
Steyer is a major loser just doesn't get it this is second time with Bernie !
they are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time Rigged !
WILL the house farce NOW turn INTO the Senate farce ? this is a disgraceful spectacle
Adam Schiff lies AGAIN what WILL the Senate do about it ?
MORE on my OPENING
Transparency ? Like a magician the Democrats are ONLY allowing the evidence that helps them to appear before the public
AOC is SUCH an embarrassing barely literate moron
Peter Schweizergreat NEW book is out NOW Profiles in corruption Abuse of POWER by AMERICas PROGRESSIVE elite
I believe Adam Schiff would face Bar disciplinary actions if his endless lies and deceits occurred in private practice
the Dems HAVE no Case It is clear to any person that this IMPEACHMENT is a purely political sham Tonight we've got another
discredited John harwood joins discredited CNN
Schumerawful SENATE speech SHOULD HAVE the effect of uniting the republican senators against his demands he's a dis
Democrats PARTISAN games are nt working ! if you AGreE voters WILL remember Democrats record of obstruction in November and
in less than 2 weeks the AMERICAN PEOPLE are going to head to the polls in Ia to determine the outcome for the 2020 election th
while President is delivering on his Promises MADE house Democrats are continuing to push their politically moti
as house Democrats kick off another day of their IMPEACHMENT sham herea reminder that after two weeks of public testimony
another month has delivered for AMERICANS 145 K NEW jobs in December Unemployment is at a 50 year low 21 MILL
as the Senate Trial begins today lets look back on the Dems solemn and somber house IMPEACHMENT Imagine if Dems
honored to join this morning to talk about visit to # Davos and the thriving # US # economy
Today the Senate began IMPEACHMENT trial proceedings just a reminder that house Democrats completely failed to produce a
not the Senatejob to mop up the mess made in the house by the Democrats Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo
heading back to Washington from Switzerland very successful for USA trip !
one of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with CHINA is that it WILL bring both the USA CHINA closer together in so many other ways Terrific working with President Xi a man who truly LOVES his country Much MORE to COME !
the MORE we hear from Adam Schiff the MORE the GOP is getting unified against this PARTISAN charade !
I don't get how PEOPLE who didn't balk at ObamarefUSAl to give Ukraine lethal aid can as * as a policy mattter * object to
great working with you Maria !
WILL be great !
at # wef20 President discusses bringing the to the UNITED STATES !
President on the Never ending Democrat WITCH hunts
President Ukraine got their MONEY and they got it early # readtheTranscript
President on crazy Bernie Sanders surging in the polls
IOWa ! join me and thousands of your neighbors on monday February 3rd at 7 PM to caucus for Go to
while Democrats waste MORE time on their latest WITCH hunt Never stops fighting for AMERICA !
President and the President of Iraq met to discuss cooperation on military defeating ISIS and MORE # wef
Brad with today there is no Democrat that can compete with and this economy
next stop for USMCA the desk of President
AMERICA farmers ranchers and manufacturers are WINNING under President
makes a very solid point here Hillary talking about other people like ability is peak 2020
no PreSSUre
spent his OPENING ARGUMENTS trying to relitigate the FAKE RUSSIA collusion narrative Never forget that
house Dems courtld nt be bothered to wait for the courts to decide on witnesses they said IMPEACHMENT was urgent ! NOW in the
a reminder of what this is all about any President any administration is justified in investigating corruption and
announcing # Verdict a podcast where and I discuss the latest from the # IMPEACHMENTTrial and
I heard would like to attend the IMPEACHMENT trial Mr President would LOVE to HAVE you as my guest during
is putting # AMERICAfirst when it comes to trade
not ONLY are the aicles of IMPEACHMENT deficient in their essence but the process used by house Democrats screams of their own
AMERICANS see through the Democrats IMPEACHMENT sham it is driving voters to suppo republicans like ne
just how weak is the Democrats IMPEACHMENT case against President Trump ? Adam Schiff is relitigating RUSSIA and MUELLER
despite Democrats BEST efforts President is MORE popular than ever !
see you on friday BIG Crowd !
sorry if you COME you WILL be immediately sent back !
* CRUZ MISSILE * if you HAVE the facts you bang the facts if you HAVE the law you bang the law if you don't HAVE either
FACT cheCK Democrats deny Biden corruption
the rules laid out by for the IMPEACHMENT trial follow the Clinton model which passed 100 0 in 1999 why
the Obama Administration strategically withheld foreign aid Ukraine 1B threatened TO withhold pakistan 800 M W
we all know Adam Schiff LOVES hearing himself talk so let's give him something to talk about 1 why did Schiff col
despite Democrats BEST attempts to disto the truth ahead of the 2020 election the central facts Never change
Today on I discussed how sat on the aicles of IMPEACHMENT for 33 days AMERICA has seen this
chairman Schiff restricted republican witnesses in the house Rules committee Democrats claimed plenty of witnesses
Schiff doesn't HAVE a case telling the truth so he's manufacturing things Rush Limbaugh
there is no evidence of a crime Robe charles Fmr Asst Secy of State the crimes were committed by the other side !
attorney Generals from 21 STATES are urging the Senate to reject IMPEACHMENThey say the Aicles HAVE legal factual problems and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent eveN an UNSUCCESSFUL effort TO IMPEAch the President UNDERMINES the integrity
OF the 2020 election beCSUSE IT WEAPONIZES a PROCESS that SHOULD ONLY be INITIATED in EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES and SHOULD Never be USED for PARTISAN PURPOSES the Democrats are trying hard to damage republicans prior to the election !
in an IMPEACHMENT you can't use a work of fiction as the theory for the case filling in gaps with presumptions against the President It was a weak presentation self indulgent he didn't deliver the goods Robe charles
the Democrat house would not give us lawyers or not one witness but NOW demand that the republican SENATE produce the witnesses that the house Never sought or even asked for ? they had their chance but pretended to rush most unfair corrupt hearing in congressional history !
no matter what you give to the Radical Left do nothing Democrats it WILL Never be enough !
the Democrats shifty Schiff whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine pakistan Philippines Egypt honduras MEXICO WITCH Hunt !
during his hopeless Presidential campaign they WILL remain silent ! the fact is when Mini losses he WILL be spending very little of his MONEY on these clowns becausese he WILL consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all and he WILL be right !
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals he'says that if he loses he really means when ! in the primaries he WILL spend MONEY helping whoever the Democrat nominee is by doing this he figures they won't hit him as hard
Jordan AMERICAN PEOPLE see right through Adam SCHIFF's lies
this is all about undermining the next election Liz Peek
the Democrats don't want a witness Trade becausese shifty Schiff the Bidenthe FAKE whistleblower&amp his lawyer the second whistleblower who vanished after I released the transcripts the so called infomer many other Democrat disasters would be a BIG problem for them !
the UNITED STATES looks forward to welCOMING Prime Minister Blue white chairman to the next week repos about details and timing of our closely held peace plan are purely speculative
the Democrats HAVE NOW conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime
President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity by
Close race in Kansas !
interesting poll in Texas13 ! # TX13
I LOVE ALABAMA !
a poll of Radical Left do nothing Democrats just came out in Florida nice results !
Democrats are going to destroy your social Security I HAVE TOTALLY left it alone as promised and WILL save it !
crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries but it is looking MORE and MORE like the Dems WILL Never allow him to win ! WILL Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line ?
that is a real fan thank you !
Carlos WILL win BIG very exciting great for Florida great for USA ! he has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
Jeanne Mancini President March for Life we HAVE Never had a President of the UNITED STATES actually COME in person to the March for Life But NOW you do ! see you later Jeanne
21 State attorney Generals denouncing the IMPEACHMENT of President Trump
he's got to explain this how did Hunter Biden get a BILLION and a half dollars from CHINA to invest when he d been in BUSINESS for 60 days ?
# SCHIFF'show Lies About IMPEACHMENT Evidence AGAIN
CNN analyst copies Schiff and Fabricates conversations # FAKENEWS
alleged whistleblower Overheard in 2017 Planning how to remove Trump
Make sure to grab your copy of newest book Profiles in corruption Abuse of POWER by AMERICAPROGRESSIVE
this interview with is your antidote to the schiff'sham IMPEACHMENT show
no wonder Democrats don't want to talk about the Bidens
Watch wh courtnsel Absolutely Destroys Democrats IMPEACHMENT Argument
history Trump to become first President to attend March for Life Rally
EneMIES list ? Targets of repoed illegal monitoring by ousted amb to Ukraine ?
this sums up the last three YEARS President Trump working oveime to defend AMERICA Democrats working oveime to defa
Schiff's doctrine = if at first you don't succeed lie lie AGAIN
# TBT # QuidProJoe Two YEARS AGO TODAY !
It WILL be telling if the house managers try to get the Senate to pre commit ourselves to supplementing the investigation
Suppo for President Trump continues to grow Polls show that AMERICANS are broadly opposed to IMPEACHMENT when AMERICANS vote
the mainstream press can say all the negative things they want about the President But the PEOPLE know they know taxes cut
IMPEACHMENT was an urgent matter until Pelosi delayed the process 28 days NOW Dems are saying the process isn't long enough
After 33 days of delay managers argued this was urgent After hearing from 17 witnesses managers said they NEED MORE After
the info brought to the floor today alleges that has done nothing to help the Ukrainian PEOPLE when I
on the house IMPEACHMENT Managers case so far on Tuesday all day we heard the same stories same videos
Jonathan Turley well known constitutional law expe and liberal Democrat ! says Democrats rushed IMPEACHMENT process wil
this IMPEACHMENT vote is about removing the President from office something that has Never happened before this is a
compared to the President who actually has something to run on Democrats know they can't win on the facts so they are trying
on the Democrats charge of abuse of POWER legal expe Jonathan Turley reviewed the Democrats case and concluded that not ONLY
the fallout for the country has been missed oppounities they SHOULD be working w the President on lowering the cost of prescription
the Democratic house Managers hypocrisy is on full display they've spent most of their time lecturing the Senate on aid
how did the Obama Administration react to the invasion of Ukraine ? they reacted by sending blankets Blan
is leading an unprecedented action in which 21 AGs filed the first ever friend of the Senate letter
frances hakes fomer Federal prosecutor this is really significant the FBI had debunked the steele dossier in January of 2017 and then even after they did that even after they knew from the CIa from their own sources they knew that Caer page was not the agent of
a foreign POWER engaged in clandestine intelligence activities and YET they still asked for the renewal two MORE times and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files Emails Text messages so how bad illegal is that ?
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the house and then having to endure hour after hour of lies fraud deception by shifty Schiff Cryin chuck Schumer their crew looks like my lawyers WILL be forced to sta on Saturday which is called Death Valley in TV
I often get asked the question well isn't the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he'survives this ? the answer is YES but the congress has no choice it has a constitutional responsibility Joe Biden pres candidate even Joe agrees with us !
the IMPEACHMENT hoax is interfering with the 2020 election But that was the idea behind the Radical Left do nothing Dems SCAM attack they always knew I did nothing wrong !
this PARTISAN # IMPEACHMENT process is driven by Democrats anger anger that the AMERICAN PEOPLE elected
IMPEACHMENT DAY 3 house Democrats HAVE inadveently thrown Joe Biden under the bus
Sen SchumerPARTISAN accusations and threats HAVE fuher exposed his real goal with this trial becomming SENATE majority
Cryin chuck Never had what it takes and Never WILL !
Jim is great !
MORE than anything else the Radical Left do nothing Democrats like AOC Omar Cryin chuck nervous Nancy shifty Schiff are angry deranged over the fact that republicans are up to 191 Federal judges Two great NEW Supreme court justices don't blame me blame Obama !
rep Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff's reputation
Under Dems Trump IMPEACHMENT justification Lincoln would ve been IMPEACHED
the AMERICAN PEOPLE deserve the truth on the whistleblower Vindman and how this IMPEACHMENT got
Vindmancommanding officer Army Lt col Jim Hickman do not let the uniform fool you he is a political activist
YESTERDAY spent 8 hours making 1 hours woh of a case for why we SHOULD impeach President
the do nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating over and over AGAINSthe same old stuff on the IMPEACHMENT hoax they want to use up alL of their time even though it is the wrong thing to do they ought to go back to work for our great AMERICAN PEOPLE !
# MarchforLife
CHINA has been working very hard to contain the coronavirus the UNITED STATES greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency It WILL all work out well in paicular on behalf of the AMERICAN PEOPLE I want to thank President Xi !
After consultation with our great Military Leaders designers and others I am pleased to present the NEW logo for the UNITED STATES space force the sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military !
It was my honor to WELCOME our nation's Mayors to the as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs excellent schools affordable healthcare and safe communities for all of our PEOPLE !
the do nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating over and over AGAINSthe same old stuff on the Impeachme
conference chairman Adam Schiff'says he doesn't trust the voters he didn't trust them in 2016 and doesn
Since took office we ve added 7 MILLION NEW jobs consumer confidence the stock market are at all
this obsession with IMPEACHMENT * is out of hand Tennesseans HAVE their priorities straight trade border security
a really BIG show tonight by 900 PM heavy emphasis on the IMPEACHMENT hoax the Radical Left do nothing Democrats HAVE gone crazy they know it's a con but just can't sell it ! Public strongly against IMPEACHMENT
# MarchforLife
Adam Schiff and the # shamIMPEACHMENT mis managers are making a better case for changing the channel than impeaching
Adam Schiff thinks he can talk about trust you can't trust Adam Schiff with the truth he falsely retold the 725
Pres Obama refused to provide lethal aid to Ukraine His TEAM didn't want to upset Putin Pres Trump provided lethal aid
Schiff today laid bare the liberal hysteria motivating IMPEACHMENTalked repeatedly about a courtp said
check out NOW on BIG tonight !
Schiff co end as they began insulting senators calling a dictator and disparaging the WILL of the voters
Tomorrow the white house WILL be able to make its case for the first time the defense of WILL be
the facts are clear house Democrats are nt interested in removing POTUS NOW becausese they know they can't they're i
Absolutely stunning to see Washington Democrats on the Senate Floor today not ONLY peddling flimsy allegations regardin
the AMERICAN PEOPLE see this for what it is which is a disingenuous attack on the President the Democrats keep saying
36 hours of ad hominem attacks by Schiff et al can't erase the irony that the Democrats are doing exactly what they accused
intimidated by this national left wing media that reduces most POLITICIANs and most public figures to whining crying puddles of cowardice it is really something to HAVE a man in the white house who has a courtrageous hea and does what he'says he WILL do
the great PEOPLE know after 3 YEARS of this President the most historic President in our countryhistory that there is no one who can touch what he's done in 3 YEARS foreign policy domestic policy you name it it's amazing just to HAVE the guts not to be
secondly he is fulfilling every promise he made and that is making his opponents apoplectic they're trying to get him out of office and they're not going to succeed pastor Robe Jeffress author of choosing the Extraordinary Life thank you pastor !
I like President TrumpTweets social Media I like everything about him and this Ukraine stuff the trial the IMPEACHMENThis isn't t about Ukraine donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eYES of the Democrats he beat Hillary Clinton in 2016 and
Our case against lyin cheatin liddle Adam shifty Schiff Cryin chuck Schumer nervous Nancy Pelosi their leader dumb as a rock AOC the entire Radical Left do nothing Democrat pay stas today at 1000 am on or FAKE NEWS or FAKE NEWS MSDNC !
LIVE TRUMP TEAM OPENING ARGUMENTS
any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I HAVE been treated and that this is indeed the TOTALLY PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT hoax that everyBODY including the Democrats truly knows it is this SHOULD Never be allowed to happen AGAIN !
President Trump's legal TEAM completely DESTROYED 3 days of Adam SCHIFF's false allegations in just 2 hours Today was
Democrat IMPEACHMENT managers attempted to make their case over three long days Today legal TEAM destroy
this entire IMPEACHMENT process has been the true abuse of POWER for political gain by the Democrats and ESPECIALLY
Comey and the Mediacoverup Unravels
NEW Poll shows DemIMPEACHMENT hopes are doomed
a judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing MORE than 15 MILLION potentially invalid name
SENATE SHOULD DISMISS IMPEACHMENT INVESTIGATE SCHIFF's MISCONDUCT ! caller
AMERICANS NEED an intelligence committee that can be trusted and representative # AdamSchiff has proven that he can not
that's where he lost me Schiff just stepped in it BIG time if he's hoping to turn moderate republicans against Trump
DOJ responds to andrew McCabes lawsuit and Its an Absolute beatdown
thank you nick !
this is a disgrace to mankind and a disgrace to the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA this is a crime an impeachment
there is no other way to spin it the response today from the Presidentlegal TEAM has been absolutely devastating to
no wonder chairman Adam Schiff would'nt let the Presidentlawyers paicipate in his sham hearings they just dismantled
Presidentlawyers dissected the radical Dems efforts to ovehrow under the guise of what has been clearly
1 how many legal analysts on TV insisted the PresidentTEAM must not argue the facts becausese the facts don't help the
2 Kudos to the Presidentlegal TEAM NOW ignore the analysts and enjoy the rest of your Saturday you ve reason
Media and Democrats glum Presidentlawyers shredding the house Democrats UNCONSTITUTIIONAL IMPEACHMENT Unraveling
2 hours of truth beats over 20 hours of presumptions assumptions and hearsay
conference chairman when courtnsel read the transcript of the phone call and then played
# ICYMI # Dems so blinded by hate for Trump they're handing him the # 2020 election ! this week WILL go down in history as
SUCH a great family !
just wrapped up todayOPENING ARGUMENTS by the white house while all this is going on in DC back home Iowans are
in 2 hours President TEAM masterfully presented ARGUMENTS that completely dismantles the Democrats
3 days of Democrat ARGUMENTS were just shredded in 2 hours
I litigated high profile constitutional law cases in federal courts for 20 yrs before COMING to congress and I HAVE
ICYMI discussed the IMPEACHMENT trial in the Senate with Watch the full interview here
three great men !
Excited to kick off the annual AZGOP state meeting ! thanks to all our hardworking PCs and volunteers your tireless work is
what a crowd this morning with and Arizona rep
no one seems to be having MORE fun or getting a warmer reception at meeting than who is pa of
Maha is a great leader on this issue !
Videos showed repeatedly in the IMPEACHMENT trial withheld critical information we WILL continue to he
Today we heard a presentation that was strong that was clear that completely undermined the case of Democrats agai
Adam Schiff has been involved with this since the MUELLER repo fell flat and today he was caught in 2 contradictions
credibility is going to sta to tank as the IMPEACHMENT trial continues from where
Today the TEAM presented facts not PARTISAN rhetoric and innuendo Put simply got knee ca
says Trump's TEAM entirely shredded the case from the house managers It was full of truths and facts as
POWERFUL professional OPENING presentation today by attorneys Methodically used Dems own evidence to demo
repoER so you're saying that its okay for a President to ask a foreign leader to INVESTIGATE a political rival and
the law enforcement from and Nas Pensacola that responded to the terrorist attack last month are heroes who des
you don't COME to court and ask for witnesses after you ve already presented your case unless you know your case is not working I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy we're doing a great job on the economy we're building our military look
at the judges that we HAVE right NOW
Previous quote from the great republican Senator Jim inhofe of Oklahoma chairman of the Senate Armed Services committee
iranian foreign Minister says IRAN wants to negotiate with the UNITED STATES but wants sanctions removed no thanks !
!
all Democrats SHOULD watch this !
chairman Adam Schiff is right about one thing there IS a cover up going on he covered up His contact with the whistlebl
one day INTO President legal TEAMOPENING ARGUMENTS and they're already dismantling the house Democrats case
in front of a packed state convention confirmed what AMERICANS are already thinking the Democrats
the house Democrats spent 24 hours recycling baseless attacks against It didn't take but two hours
the Democrats real motivation is clear they want to stop what we ve accomplished with and distract everyon
as I said on this mornings Democrats already admitted this is all about the next election but the powwe
for 3 days house Managers HAVE cherry picked bits pieces of information to make their case Today we got to hear th
within two hours I thought that the white house courtnsel and their TEAM entirely shredded the case that has been
Dems case has collapsed SIX FACTS 1 Transcript shows no conditionality 2 Zelensky says no pressure 3 Ukraine didn't
the AMERICAN PEOPLE are TIRED of hearing from they want to know how we're going to lower the cost of
we HAVE a duty to examine the full record sent to us by the house created by Democrats * and * republicans to be true
AMERICANS confidence in the US economy is higher than at any point in about two decades
Groundhog Day in the Senate feat
by giving up much of the first day the white house gave a concise OPENING relieved the jury and pushed the main argument
Democrats HAVE said for weeks that their case against President is overwhelming and that the eviden
for months house Democrats said they had overwhelming compelling and uncontested evidence After rushing a rigged
why didn't the house Managers put ambassador sondlands testimony in its full and proper context for your consideration
Since Democrats sham staed approval rating is up he's getting very strong numbers on the economy
these facts establish what we knew from the very beginning President did nothing wrong
Nancy Pelosi announced the IMPEACHMENT inquiry before she ever read the july 25 call which you can read here becausese Presi
Tomorrow join us # Exclusive
Imagine being a NEW President having elements of your # DOJ # FBI trying for 2 YEARS to entrap you in perjury after
After hoodwinking the nation for over two YEARS with their TOTALLY bogus shamelessly PARTISAN RUSSIA WITCH hunt the
the IMPEACHMENT hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has Never been seen before in just two hours the Radical Left do nothing Democrats HAVE seen their phony case absolutely shredded shifty is NOW exposed for illegally making up my phone call MORE !
shifty Adam Schiff is a corrupt POLITICIAN and probably a very sick man he has not paid the price YET for what he has done to our country !
rep Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff's reputation
Pelosisham IMPEACHMENT Case against Trump is an Abuse Of POWER for Political Gain
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn't HAVE a clue Caused huge economic damage to his followerpocketbooks he and others SHOULD be fired by
It was amazing to watch three days of ARGUMENTS dismantled in two hours
this is what Democrats HAVE done they want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so PEOPLE think therefire they did this with RUSSIA collusion there was no fire It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of
I caught up with Sen Ted Cruz on Capitol Hill check out our interview below !
a very good question !
even CNNlegal analyst Jeffrey toobin found the Presidentlawyers persuasive !
why didn't Schiff release this ?
great Editorial in todaywall Street Journal and congress shall be king Bottom line the President becomes a vassal of king congress this is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this house IMPEACHMENT as its own abuse of POWER a PARTISAN hoax !
AGAIN read the Transcript ! Michael Goodwin NEW York Post Sunday
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt can anyone including SleepyeYES chuck Todd of FAKE continue to listen to his con ?
SleepyeYES chuck Todd of Meet the corrupt Press just had a TOTALLY softball interview with conman Adam Schiff Never even calling shifty out on his fraudulent statement to congress where he made up alL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President ! FAKE NEWS
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay thank you ! 191 Federal judges a record and two Supreme court justices approved BEST Economy Employment numbers ever thank you to our great NEW and nimble republican pay join NOW it's where PEOPLE want to be !
Majority of PEOPLE say the US SENATE already has enough information !
nothing done wrong read the transcripts !
folks a must read thread from breaking down the spin misdirections and outright lies in the Democrats
pat Cipollone said it BEST YESTERDAY for all the Democrats talk about election interference they're here to perpetrate
repos are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others HAVE been killed in a helicopter crash in California that is terrible NEWS !
from the beginning Democrats IMPEACHMENT sham has been marred by selective leaks to the media a completely predetermined
this whole IMPEACHMENT sham has been a taxpayer funded campaign stunt for the Democrats they took AMERICANS hard earned
we HAVE a duty to protect the constitution for AMERICAnext generation hearing AGAIN how 2016
gloom settling on Democrats as they realize they've taken their BEST kill shot missed Dems in despair republicans
Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family May God be with you all !
Kobe Bryant despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time was just getting started in life he loved his family so much and had SUCH strong passion for the future the loss of his beautiful daughter Gianna makes this moment even MORE devastating
this is obviously book promo coordinated with compliant media YES But an ADDITIONAL word of skepticism these * particular
just like James Comey John Bolton is trying to get rich off of a lie and leak fueled campaign to oveurn the 2016 election
John Bolton is running the exact same revenge playbook against Trump that James Comey used he's even using the same agent an
Democrats said I Never met and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations and far ahead of schedule I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti tank missiles my Administration has done far MORE than the previous Administration
transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed in addition to the fact that President Zelensky the foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems ADDITIONALly I met with President Zelensky at the UNITED Nations
I Never told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations INTO Democrats including the Bidens in fact he Never complained about this at the time of his very public termination if John Bolton said this it was ONLY to sell a book with that being said the
the Democrat controlled house Never even asked John Bolton to testify It is up to them not up to the Senate !
regarding Bolton 1 nobody cares 2 the aid was delivered 3 the Ukrainians are nt victims just ask them 4 the Democrats
rejected neocon Failing NYtimes Deep STATES last Desperate Act After attorneys Destroy radical Dems Schiff and Pelosi
After everything has done for this country at great personal cost ! it is so sad that'so many are WILL
this Bolton Bombshell from the NY times hardly a reliable source on repoing seems to HAVE
thank you Mr. President ! # MAGA
read the transcripts !
Schiff must release the IG repo without changes or tampering which is said to be YET fuher exoneration of the IMPEACHMENT hoax he refuses to give it does it link him to whistleblower ? why is he'so adamant ?
we are in very close communication with CHINA concerning the virus very few cases repoed in USA but strongly on watch we HAVE offered CHINA and President Xi any help that is necessary Our expes are extraordinary !
SENATE hearing on the IMPEACHMENT hoax today at 100 PM
all Democrats SHOULD watch this !
on international holocaust remembrance Day we'remember the MILLIONS of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime
Dershowitz eviscerates the Dems case tonight they HAVE not charged an impeachable offense or alleged impeachable conduct
I say AGAIN if the Senate is going to call witnesses then I WILL ask to hear from Adam Schiff Hunter Biden Joe Biden
# USMCA heading to desk Economy is stronger than it's been in 50 yrs thanks in large pa to having the right tax
the house courtld HAVE called all these witnesses and chose not to as senators we HAVE a responsibility to not allow
if you are a worker affected by the Boeing 737 Max production suspension and related layoffs please visit this one stop
looking forward to honoring at the white house AGAINST this year the # bison had a tremendous season WINNING
Today I was briefed by leading global health expes about the outbreak of a novel coronavirus in CHINA we learned that
a full complete endorsement for who is doing a great job Strong on crime LOVES our Military vets 2a !
congrats to Christine !
the and the announced the final rule for the Navigable Waters Protection Rule the rule provides clarity to th
breaking has kept another promise to the AMERICAN PEOPLE by repealing replacing the Obama era woTUS rule ending
as an appropriator and chairman of the Transpoation and infrastructure Subcommittee on I'm proud to work with
thank you Roger it is a BIG hoax !
thank you to chuck all USMCA is going to be great !
breaking Since day one I'vebeen fighting to pass a trade agreement with Iowas two biggest trade paners MEXICO Ca
the Trump AdministrationNEW # woTUS corrects the egregious overreach of the Obama era rule I joined to disc
Ernst NEW trade DEALS are BIG wins for Iowa expoers
for Democrats this IMPEACHMENT process has Never been about finding the truth or protecting the republic this is al
great NEWS for farmers ranchers and small BUSINESS owners ! continues to cut red tape keeping his promise to protec
congressman Nadler tried to bring his house circus to the floor of the Senate tonight with his insults and accusations
alan Dershowitz shredded Democrats IMPEACHMENT stunt ARGUMENTS with scalpel like precision
not mentioned Bolton was Never seriously considered for any position in the Trump admin that required SENATE confirmat
why didn't John Bolton testify to the US house ? Apparently his book wasn't quite finished YET for presales !
Mcconnell had a choice to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective he chose effective by
charlie I always knew you are brilliant !
1000 Trump Supporters Camping Out in wildwood !
Hundreds of PEOPLE are camping out overnight for the Trump rally in wildwood
the Trump crowd camping out overnight in wildwood is absolutely massive
Dershowitz just carefully explained why Adam Schiff's aicles of IMPEACHMENT are completely UNCONSTITUTIIONAL
goes head to head with a repoer and shuts her accusations down
VP PenceOffice forcefully Pushes Back against repos Trump Tied Ukraine Aid To Biden Probe
don Lemon the dumBEST man on television with terrible ratings !
there is something to be said for being good at both retail politics and expressing genuine enjoyment when greeting folks
the house Managers base their entire case on the proposition that investigating corruption for Burisma and the
Sen Ted Cruz says he doesn't think ADDITIONAL witnesses SHOULD be called for IMPEACHMENT trial and that testimony from John B
why SHOULD the AMERICAN PEOPLE care about Hunter Biden # Burisma ? the answer is simple there is significant evidence of
It was an honor to share the stage with friday when he became the first President to speak at the # March
really pathetic how is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van hollen the no name Senator from Maryland he has been on forever playing up the IMPEACHMENT hoax Dems would'nt even give Fox their low ratings debates
so what the hell has happened to ONLY I know ! Chris wallace and others SHOULD be on FAKE NEWS CNN or MSDNC howshep Smith doing ? Watch this WILL be the beginning of the end for Fox just like the other two which are dying in the ratings social Media is great !
Are you better off NOW than you were three YEARS ago ? almost everyone say YES !
the Fed SHOULD get sma lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other countries which pay much lower even though we are by far the high standard we would then focus on paying off refinancing debt ! there is almost no inflation this is the time 2 YEARS late !
LIVE President unveils plan for peace agreement
!
I WILL always stand with the state of Israel and the Jewish PEOPLE I strongly suppo their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland Its time for peace !
this is what a future State of palestine can look like with a capital in pas of East Jerusalem
the WITCH Hunt continues !
Johnson Johnson to create coronavirus vaccine # OanN
heading to NEW Jersey BIG Rally in fact really BIG Rally !
this IMPEACHMENT mess is ONLY serving to fuher divide our country folks in Iowa want to see us getting work done this is
it's amazing what I'vedone the most of any President in the first three YEARS by far considering that for three YEARS I'vebeen under phony political investigations and the IMPEACHMENT hoax ! KEEP AMERICA great !
thank you wildwood NEW Jersey ! # KeepAMERICAgreat Lbt8IKeNYu
Democrats are NOW the pay of high taxes high crime open borders late term aboion socialism and blatant corruption the republican pay is the pay of the AMERICAN worker the AMERICAN Family and the AMERICAN Dream ! # TrumpRallyNJ # KAG2020
if you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of AMERICANS HAVE fought and died to secure then we must devote everything we HAVE toward victory in 2020 ONLY this way can we save the AMERICA we LOVE and drain the Washington swamp once and for all !
I'm increasingly optimistic this ends friday the defense TEAM DESTROYED the house case check out my conversation
Today defense TEAM finished their OPENING argument they made it clear that the house IMPEACHED
watch at 8 pm CT & I'll be joining to discuss the final day of oral ARGUMENTS and whatnext in th
I am confident that at the end of this process WILL be acquitted
the ONLY thing we ve seen from the # IMPEACHMENT trial is a political exercise by chuck and Nancy to prevent us from cont
After listening to the Dems 20 + hours of argument and the rebuttal ARGUMENTS from I'vegot lots of questio
Watch in his closing remarks courtnsel pat Cippolone plays old footage of multiple Democrats including
chairman the AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE heard enough PEOPLE realize this is PARTISAN political I'm comfortable
in a matter of hours the Presidents legal TEAM blew apa months of lies from chairman Adam Schiff Its time to move on
this is just like the Kavanaugh hearings Democrats are always going to find something to add to their list of grievances
no matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats no matter how much information is given like the quickly produced transcripts it WILL Never be enough for them they WILL always scream UNFAIR the IMPEACHMENT hoax is just another political con JOB !
why didn't John Bolton complain about this nonsense a long time ago when he was very publicly terminated he'said not that it matters nothing !
175000 ticket requests Keep AMERICA great !
175000 ticket requests Keep AMERICA great !
Finally common sense in the supreme courtrt AGAIN
Democrats admitting the IMPEACHMENT hoax !
After hours in line some PEOPLE are streaming inside ahead of President donald Trump's rally in wildwoo
for a guy who courtld nt get approved for the ambassador to the UN YEARS ago courtld nt get approved for anything since begged me for a non SENATE approved job which I gave him despite many saying don't do it'sir takes the job mistakenly says Libyan model on TV and
many MORE mistakes of judgement gets fired becausese frankly if I listened to him we would be in world War Six by NOW and goes out and IMMEdiatelY writes a nasty untrue book all Classified National Security who would do this ?
why didn't John Bolton complain about this nonsense a long time ago when he was very publicly terminated he'said
no matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats no matter how much information is given like the quickly produce
remember republicans the Democrats already had 17 witnesses we were given none ! witnesses are up to the house not up to the Senate don't let the Dems play you !
Mark Penn harris Poll it's time to end the IMPEACHMENT trial just another political hoax by the Dems !
on the Iraq War resolution being voted on tomorrow in the house of represenatives we are down to 5000 soldiers and going down and I want everyone republican and Democrat to vote their hea !
there is much talk that ceain Democrats are going to be voting with republicans on the IMPEACHMENT hoax so that the Senate can get back to the BUSINESS of taking care of the AMERICAN PEOPLE sorry but Cryin chuck Schumer WILL Never let that happen !
the BEST evidence is the Transcript itself Brad Blakeman
they WILL Never be satisfied !
LIVE President signs USMCA !
USMCA is a massive win for AMERICAN manufacturers and auto workers !
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the a agreement that protects defends and serves the great PEOPLE of our country Promises Made Promises Kept !
thanks to our pro worker pro AMERICAN economic policies unemployment is at the lowest level in MORE than 50 YEARS we HAVE created over 7 MILLION NEW JOBS MORE AMERICANS are working today than ever before we HAVE the hottest Economy on eah !
for the first time in AMERICAN history we HAVE replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that reWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that WILL keep jobs wealth and growth right here in AMERICA !
game OVER !
with Votes in the house tomorrow Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend AMERICA and stand up to as an example IRAN Protect our great country !
Nancy Pelosi wants congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS Stand with your commander in chiefs !
just received a briefing on the coronavirus in CHINA from all of our great agencies who are also working closely with CHINA we WILL continue to monitor the ongoing developments we HAVE the BEST expes anywhere in the world and they are on top of it 247 !
Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless His district is in terrible shape he is a corrupt pol who ONLY dreams of the IMPEACHMENT hoax in my opinion he is mentally deranged !
NEW Gallup Poll double digit improvements in how AMERICANS view the nation's economy security from terrorism milit
great photos from a southern BORDER wall briefing with Secretary of Defense Mark
congressman Brian of Texas has been a strong suppoer of our # MAGA Agenda he is strong on the second amendment and Securing our Border he LOVES our great vets and Military Brian has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
congressman has done a great job representing the PEOPLE of Texas he continues to protect your very impoant second amendment Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border he LOVES our great vets and Military Mike has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
HAPPY birthday today to two of the very BEST in age 48 and age 40BIG one ! Two great AMERICAN patriots ! !
just landed in Michigan Car companies and many others are building and expanding here great to see !
biggest TRADE DEal ever MADE the USMCA was signed YESTERDAY and the FAKE NEWS Media barely mentioned it they Never thought it courtld be done they HAVE zero credibility !
LIVE President delivers remarks at a USMCA celebration !
Leaving Michigan NOW great visit heading for Iowa BIG Rally !
working closely with CHINA and others on coronavirus outbreak ONLY 5 PEOPLE in US all in good recovery
once AGAIN Adam Schiff makes up dialogue of the President of the UNITED STATES on the floor of the Senate just like
how about this if the Senate discusses calling witnesses and Adam Schiff continues demanding we block questions and
128 days 17 Democrat witnesses and they still HAVE no case it's over this trial SHOULD end tomorrow with President
Our defense TEAM has done its job we ve shown Adam Schiff co HAVE no case no evidence and no justification for
Democrats didn't accept the results of the 2016 election that's why they've been pushing to impeach and remove Preside
while Dems obsess over IMPEACHMENT is working for you ! # USMCA signed Middle East peace plan announce
when WILL Schiff be investigated ?
Schiff and many MORE of these elected PEOPLE SHOULD all be ashamed of themselves what HAVE
if you're a Democrat you really HAVE no choice but to # VoteTrump2020 he's the ONLY guy in
Schiff is a congenital liar that has done nothing positive for the AMERICAN PEOPLE
Schiff has nt done a thing for his district nor has Nancy Pelosi in SF ! Nancy has bee
Trump administration forms # coronavirus task force
while Democrats focus on WITCH HUNT is highlighting how he is working to help AMERICAN autoworkers and
breaking Over dozen Senators just asked Schiff about RCI story below he did not deny it but complained about attacks
Watch this
my question today is about whether or not individuals who were holdovers from the Obama National Security courtncil and Democra
there is one transcript that Adam Schiff refuses to release the intelligence community inspector General transcript
breaking the 1 witness transcript Schiff won't release out of 18 talks about Schiff and the whistleblowerand how
CNNs John king republicans make a good point the whistleblower staed all this why has the whistleblower Never been question
can't violate the Logan Act when you're working for the President or acting at his request Logan Act was
great poll in Iowa where I just landed for a BIG Rally ! # KAG2020
thank you Iowa I LOVE you !
this November we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and win the great State of Iowa in a Historic landslide ! # KAG2020
To keep AMERICA Safe we HAVE fully rebuilt the US Military it is NOW stronger MORE POWERFUL and MORE lethal than ever before thanks to the courtrage of AMERICAN heroes the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED its founder leader the animal known as al Baghdadi is DEAD !
Washington Dems HAVE spent the last 3 YEARS trying to oveurn the last election and we WILL make sure they face another crushing defeat in the next election together we are going to win back the house we are going to hold the Senate we are going to keep the white house !
AMERICANS across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats PARTISAN hoaxes WITCH hunts con Jobs registered Democrats and independents are leaving the Democrat pay in droves we are welCOMING these voters to the republican pay w wide open arms !
the BEST IS YET TO COME !
congratulations to number ONE lou has shown the FAKE NEWS what happens when you cover AMERICAgreatest President fairly objectively ! # MAGA # KAG
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election despite constant phony WITCH hunts ! tens of thousands of PEOPLE attending rallies which the FAKE NEWS Never mentions to see the greatest show on Eah Fun becausese USA is WINNING AGAIN !
3breaking It appears that Qasim al Rimi leader of the yemen based # AQAP was the individual TARGETED killed in a US d
true and it'seems to be the dead of al Rimi would mark a major blow to # alQaeda on the whole al Rimi was a candidate
5as I said YESTERDAY all but confirmed that # AQAP leader Qassim al Rimi was killed in a US drone strike AQAP although
6Of all living # alQaeda leaders al Rimi was the most compelling known for his charisma beloved across the AQ community
US killed a top al Qaeda leader in yemen repos say via
getting a little exercise this morning !
Fascinating paradox the MORE President Trump gets investigated the MORE crimes are exposed involving prominent Democrats
we suppo you becausese we know your hea is in the right place and greatly appreciate what an incred
WOW ! Mr President this woman Lynn has Never voted in her entire life until she was 59 YEARS old at the time she voted fo
SUCH a great common sense question crazy !
I want to remind all the lie filled leftist hypocrites of what happened in 1998 when they were all fine with Democrats block
SUCH a great common sense question crazy !
YESTERDAY a majority in the Senate said we're done we ve got enough this is over the President is going to be acqui
Nancy Pelosi is accusing the Senate of not being fair becausese we'refused to do her work for her the truth is the house
for the first time in 29 YEARS drug overdose deaths HAVE dropped by 41 and life expectancy has increased by 4 YEARS ! Proud
Senators Schumer Warren Van hollen and congressman Schiff each tried to suck the chief justice INTO the voex of their
Schumer shot down by justice Robes
HAPPY birthday to a wonderful man friend !
thank you John !
wall is moving along strong tall and quickly thank you Jim for all of your help !
despite Democrat efforts to distract citizens and stain his presidency with a PARTISAN and unprecedented IMPEACHMENT process
After over 50 hours of testimony questions and debate I voted today to move to the next phase of the IMPEACHMENT process
repos of Boltonbook don't answer the question why did POTUS ask for an investigation ? the Ukrainian government
Promise kept ! Today officially signed the historic # USMCA deal INTO law this trade deal is a mass
read mine and full statement
Over the courtrse of 9 days we HAVE reviewed testimony from 13 witnesses sworn under oath in the house hearings over 28000
Trade with MEXICO and CANADA suppos 12 MILLION AMERICAN jobs USMCA secures those jobs and grows our economy by 70 bill
neveheless having heard from both sides the ARGUMENTS demonstrate that ADDITIONAL evidence or witnesses would not change
It became clear over the courtrse of the house managers ARGUMENTS that the house failed to undeake its responsibility to
when I took the oath at the beginning of the trial I vowed to deliver impartial justice according to the constitution th
After hearing the entire case presented I believe we ve heard all we NEED in this IMPEACHMENT trial the job of the senate
I'm proud to HAVE stood with as he'signed the USMCA implementing legislation at the today
thanks for your invaluable help chuck !
at this time the risk to AMERICANS remains low and we are working to keep it that way we WILL continue our work to monitor
Adam Schiff's IMPEACHMENT sham is OVER It was PARTISAN UNCONSTITUTIIONAL unfair and flawed from the very start
a majority of the US SENATE has determined that the numerous witnesses and 28000plus pages of documents already in
correct !
we ve known this has been a waste of time and a sham from the beginning and AMERICA is ready to move on I think they've shown
African AMERICANS HAVE a champion in Pres Trump ! he's created 16 MILLION jobs for black AMERICANS since his election Africa
this entire IMPEACHMENT sham has been a predetermined narrative full of lies and false accusations designed to divide AMERICA and
President has made Historically Black colleges and Universities a priority he's appropriated MORE MONEY to HBCU
the economy is working for workers and they know it
we are dismantling the criminal organizations that make large scale human trafficking possible
Today President reiterated his administrationcommitment to eradicate the scourtrge of human trafficking at toda
house Democrats created the record do not allow them to penalize the country and the constitution becausese they failed to do
before Democrats like Adam Schiff were trying to use John Bolton to advance their political agenda they were railing against him
this has been a PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT from Day 1 terrible on process and dangerous on substance It rings hollow f
the fact is the house chose not to call witnesses like John Bolton becausese they wanted to impeach President Trump befo
I'm very pleased the Senate has rejected Democrats request to call ADDITIONAL witnesses after the house chose not to
thx !
# KeepAMERICAgreat2020
the Radical Left do nothing Democrats don't want justice when pushing the IMPEACHMENT hoax they ONLY want to destabilize the republican pay so they can do better in the 2020 election that includes the house SENATE they are playing with the PEOPLE by taking it this far !
Mini Mike is pa of the FAKE NEWS they are all working together in fact Bloomberg isn't covering himself too boring to do or other Dems ONLY Trump that'sounds fair ! it's all the FAKE NEWS Media and that's why nobody believes in them any MORE
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg he is going NOWhere just wasting his MONEY but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against crazy Bernie something they would'nt do for and others they are doing it to Bernie AGAIN 2016
Mini Mike is NOW negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage and to HAVE the right to stand on boxes or a lift during the debates this is sometimes done but really not fair !
my interview at 330 PM on Enjoy !
ENJOY the game USA OUR country IS doing great !
I promised to restore hope in AMERICA that includes the least among us together let's KEEP AMERICA great ! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad !
the republican pay my whole life has ignored Black AMERICA this President continues to prove over and over
Promises MADE Promises KEPT
just saw the ad during the super Bowl Awesome ad Mr President POLITICIANs in the past HAVE talked about
thank you Mr President
and all they got is a fraud IMPEACHMENT 2020 is gon na rock ! !
you HAVE already done that in so many ways with prison reform choice for veterans and a BOOMING economy
the BEST President ever
BEST SUPER BOWL AD ever ! President Trump making lives better for minorities ! Unlike Obama who did noth
congratulations to the Kansas City chiefs on a great game and a fantastic come back under immense pressure you represented the great State of Kansas and in fact the entire USA so very well Our country is PROUD OF you !
congratulations to the Kansas City chiefs on a great game and a fantastic come back under immense pressure we are proud of you and the great State of Missouri you are true champions !
so great !
Two Super Bowls ago I was sitting in a prison cell Today I am a free woman and my story was featured in a Super Bowl
this was a good ad highlighting a very good thing Trump did is a good friend and a wonderful person
the triggered left is doing everything possible to make negative talking points about the # SuperBowl
congratulations to the Kansas City chiefs on a great game and a fantastic come back under immense pressure we are prou
Our second # SuperBowl ad just aired ! AMERICA is Stronger Safer and MORE Prosperous thanks to President
thank you Mike !
my father promised to restore hope in AMERICA that includes everyone ! ! ! together let's KEEP AMERICA
great company !
President we HAVE a Positive revolution going on in AMERICA !
the RNC is building the biggest data infrastructure and ground game in the history of politics to re-elect
hope you liked this !
I promised to restore hope in AMERICA that includes the least among us together let's KEEP AMERICA great ! Text TR
the DNC on Bernie Sanders looks like they're going to do it to him AGAIN doesn't it ?
my viewers want ACCOUNTABILITY ! ! ! ! welL be WatchinG SENatOR Maria says EXACTLY what AMERICANS are thinking thank
I hope republicans the AMERICAN PEOPLE realize that the TOTALLY PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT hoax is exacty that a hoax read the transcripts listen to what the President foreign Minister of Ukraine said no Pressure nothing WILL ever satisfy the do nothing Radical Left Dems !
republicans in Iowa go out and Caucus today your great Trade DEALS with CHINA MEXICO CANADA JAPAN SOUTH KOREA and MORE are done great times are COMING after waiting for decades for our Farmers Ranchers Manufacturers and alL nobody else courtld HAVE pulled this off !
KEEP AMERICA great !
wherethe whistleblower ? wherethe second whistleblower ? wherethe infomer ? why did corrupt POLITICIAN Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President ? ? ? why didn't the house do its job ? and sooo much MORE !
Many PEOPLE do not know what a great guy fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is there is nobody like him looking for a speedy recovery for our friend !
13 witnesses 28578 documents 193 video clips the Senate carried out our constitutional duty FAIRLY and
just wanted to give an UPDATE on where we are with the # IMPEACHMENT trial this week
Democrats wanted SENATE IMPEACHMENT witnesses becausese they failed to prove their case
Voting is staing in Iowa today the decision on who the President SHOULD be is made by voters not by the UNITED STATES
house Democrats NOW demand the Senate do their investigatory work for them Caving to their demands would HAVE set a dan
Unfounately the house did not deliver a fair IMPEACHMENTo the Senate instead contrary to the warnings of
To use the house managers own argument on witnesses the AMERICAN PEOPLE deserve a fair IMPEACHMENThe constitution
the President has strong economic numbers and PEOPLE are feeling better than they did four YEARS ago
if you're STILL not TIRED of WINNING !
the RNC and make an HISTORIC fundraising TEAM just ask Campaign Manager the fundraising is out of
Democrats HAVE a socialist agenda while President is focused on results Mercedes S
by approving both aicles the house of representatives violated our constitutional order illegally abused their POWER of impea
a lot of candidates running for office and a lot of POLITICIANs talk about doing something about criminal justice reform but real
IMPEACHMENT *
the house IMPEACHMENT Managers HAVE refused to answer basic questions about coordination with the whistleblower
Democrats took our country on a wild goose chase staing with the MUELLER repo and persisting with a PARTISAN
this weekend Senators bennet Klobuchar Sanders and Warren were campaigning to replace Today they
Fighting corruption is not an impeachable offense a policy disagreement is not an impeachable offense Asseing
Our founders would be aghast if they knew Adam Schiff released private phone records of a journalist and the top
is headquaering its combined missiles defense unit right here in southern Arizona
Maranabusy airpo can continue to grow safely thanks to funding for an air traffic control tower
continues the effort to end human trafficking in 2018 I helped pass the soAR Act in the house to train our heal
my full statement on my vote to move the IMPEACHMENT trial to the next stage
# EXCLUSIVE GOP investigation thousands Of Obama Admin docs Under review regarding Ukraine white house Meetings read my
BIG win for us in Iowa tonight thank you !
the Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster nothing works just like they ran the country remember the 5 BILLION dollar Obamacare website that SHOULD HAVE cost 2 of that the ONLY person that can claim a very BIG victory in Iowa last night is Trump
Today I WILL introduce in the Senate a resolution honoring the chiefs as SUPER BOWL chamPIonS # chiefskingdom
can't wait to see the chiefs at the white house ! # chiefskingdom
Trump 2020 campaign manager Brad parscale Democrats are stewing in a caucus mess of their own creation with the sloppiest
Supporters wait to find out what is happening as the Democratic results are plunged INTO chaos # IowaCaucuses
the Iowa Democratic pay said it has found inconsistencies in the repoing of the caucus results but says there was no
at this point its been 36 hours since the sta of the caucuses and 19 of precincts HAVE repoed results which
no but seriously let us run your healthcare they said
hereyour Iowa democracy in action a coin toss to determine who gets the last delegate out of this # IowaCaucus precinct
It is not the fault of Iowa it is the do nothing Democrats fault as long as I am President Iowa WILL stay where it is Impoant tradition !
when WILL the Democrats sta blaming RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the great State of Iowa ?
the Democrat pay in Iowa really messed up but the republican pay did not I had the largest reelection vote in the history of that great state by far beating President Obamaprevious record by a lot also 97 plus of the vote ! thank you Iowa !
my father always says he has 95 republican suppo last night he was proven wrong in fact has 971
he's got a point how many MORE self inflicted 2020 election gifts are Democrats going to hand their opponent ? # Iowa # I
while the # IACaucus outcome is still unceain for Democrats the republican pay is MORE unified than ever behind
congratulations to for officially breaking the turnout record for an incumbent President in the # IACauc
Meanwhile President CRUSHED all incumbent turnout records in Iowa ! # IACaucus
what an unbelievable night in # Iowa ! the turnout and suppo for was off the chas ! # MAGA # norwalkIA
no matter who wins tonight on the democrat side we know that AMERICA feels the incredible results of the Presidentpol
congratulations to the WINNER of the # IACaucus he won Iowa BIG in 2016 and he's going to carry it
the republican pay has Never been MORE UNITED ! # IowaCaucuses
it's an honor to caucus for at a packed house at the panorama elementary School in Iowa ! on to victory
market up BIG today on very good economic NEWS JOBS JOBS JOBS !
my Approval Rating in the republican pay = 95 a record ! BIG Iowa win Approval Rating overall = 53 a NEW high with our great Economy and other major successes would be 20 points higher without the phony WITCH hunts and hoaxes ? ? ?
# SCOTUS2020
It was a great and triumphant evening for our country thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union speech It was my great honor to HAVE done it !
disappointed to see rip up the speech that mentioned lives we ve lost and heroes we celebrated at the SCOTUS
the accomplishments speak for themselves congratulations # SCOTUS # results
that was weak Nancy I wish she held her cool Plays INTO every female stereotype # PelosiTantrum
Its perfect that # PelosiTantrum is trending what a humiliating night for her all the way around Nance you migh
Dear USA Our political system here UK isn't perfect but our speaker is supposed to be impartial and neutral and see
history won't be kind for Nancy Pelosi she WILL be remembered as the speaker who INITIATED a malicious IMPEACHMENT who's
the ONLY thing Nancy Pelosi proved is that liberalism is an ideology of insane hate and rage she SHOULD be censured a
# PelosiTantrum is trending you hate to see it
who liberals hate # PelosineedsToGo # pelositantrum
# PelosiTantrum a speech that honored so many AMERICANS Celebrated a strong US economy seeks to continue
where those the Aicles of IMPEACHMENT Nancy was ripping up # PelosiTantrum
this is what building bridges to the AMERICAN PEOPLE looks like the # PelosiTantrum is a tragic image of how divided
Today the Senate gets to pull a # PelosiTantrum and do to the IMPEACHMENT Aicles what she did to the SCOTUS Karma is a
this is pure gold becausese she's the one parading how immature and childish the President is but then look how she acted
Nancy Pelosi ripping up the state of the Union speech I assume she planned to throw the trash on the sidewalk given the
Way to not ONLY represent yourself and your pay she is an absolute disgrace and she is everything that is wrong with you
It is HILARIOUS to see speaker Pelosi so # Classless and # Broken they know 2020 is gone who is their hero Pete Buttigieg
retweet if you stand with
don't let # NancyPelosi dilute or take from the brilliant # StateOftheUnion
Perhaps Nancy's little tantrum of tearing up the # SCOTUS speech was a slick maneuver to get PEOPLE to talk about her instead
Its incredible the US has a person like her in that position what she did at the end was incredible ! I
Uncourtth is too polite # PelosiTantrum
Nancy's legacy is ripping up a document she is mandated to preserve she's a complete failure # PelosiTantrum
very excited to announce the newest addition to Townhall VIP ! Find out MORE and use promo code Katie
thank you Jonathan and great job !
speaker Pelosi just ripped up one of our last surviving Tuskegee Airmen the survival of a child born at 21 weeks the
the Democrats want to run a country and they can't run a Caucus Brad Blakeman Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems they SHOULD bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP !
really hit a home run last night in my 36 + YEARS serving in congress I heard quite a few # SCOTUS addresses this
I WILL be making a public statement tomorrow at 1200pm from the to discuss our countryVICTORY on the IMPEACHMENT hoax !
what really happened
Nancy Pelosi pre ripped pages of Trump's SCOTUS speech video shows
James freemans question via
the Votes were a resounding Victory for Mr Trump True but the IMPEACHMENT hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left do nothing Democrats corrupt practices !
had failed Presidential candidate devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he'sanctimoniously does to me he courtld HAVE won the election read the transcripts !
nevada I hear you on Yucca mountain and my Administration WILL respECT you ! congress and previous Administrations HAVE long failed to find lasting solutions my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches I'm confident we can get it done !
WELCOME back to Eah and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space ! you're inspiring young women and making the USA proud ! Enjoyed speaking with you and on the first all female spacewalk in history last year
# Acquittedforever # KAG2020
directions Select all squares with a President # Acquittedforever
this President has done MORE for African AMERICANS in this country than any President since Lincoln
the Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by congressional Democrats led by speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff to carry out the most egregious and PARTISAN attack against any President in our history a man they knew to be innocent
just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of CHINA he is strong sharp and POWERFULly focused on leading the counterattack on the coronavirus he feels they are doing very well even building hospitals in a matter of ONLY days nothing is easy but
he WILL be successful ESPECIALLY as the weather stas to warm the virus hopefully becomes weaker and then gone great discipline is taking place in CHINA as President Xi strongly leads what WILL be a very successful operation we are working closely with CHINA to help !
don't worry it won't happen !
I'vetried so hard this past year to live without the wealth of knowledge available on Twitter but this kind of blazing
Devin Nunes is a warrior for truth he exposed the Caer page FISA warrant abuse while Schiff Nadler the main stream
great to attend todaycelebration at the white house with
greatest bravest military in the world led by a President who lets them do their jobs and holds terrorists to account
this is a really bad time to be a terrorist targeting the US Sleeping with one eye open just is not good enough for these
Triumphant Trump says IMPEACHMENT vindication WILL result in a republican led congress presidency
on Sunday Qasim al Rimi a cofounder of al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for the terrorist attack
on behalf of the thousands of patriots in nohwest Florida I thank President Trump for his swift action in eliminating
During his State of the Union address the President stated that any assault on our freedom would be met with overwhelming
ACQUITTED for LifE
sho List of Debunked Democrat hoaxes 1 RUSSIAn collusion 2 Ukrainian quid pro quo 3 the steele dossier 4 the
Trump boosted the economy defeated ISIS got MILLIONS off of food stamps and welfare DESTROYED terrorists Nancy Pelosi
thank you charlie !
BOOM another terrorist leader has been wiped off the face of the eah thanks to al Qaeda leader
Facts 90 of AMERICANS are satisfied with their personal life a record high 63 approve of Trump's handling of the
Joe Biden keeps saying he's going to beat Trump like a drum in the general election Let me get this straight he's go
HUGE Schiff courtp Fail SHOULD pursue justice ! sues on Biden Burisma and the so called
Flashback
the architects of this IMPEACHMENT claimed they were defending norms and traditions in reality it was an assault on
moments like this are what the Senate was made for the framers knew the country would NEED a firewall to keep PARTISAN
so do I !
one would think a Native AMERICAN woman would be MORE welCOMING
It keeps getting worse as the 2020 Dems get MORE MORE anti Israel WILL any of them stand up and condemn comments like thes
WELCOME back Avenatti won Iowa
Jobs security health care the education of their children is what matters to PEOPLE in the real world not the silly temp
last night at the # SCOTUS2020 two things were very clear 1 is firmly committed to helping # Venezuela restore its
the speaker embarrassed herself by ripping up her paper copy of the speech in dramatic fashion so pathetic # SCOTUS2020
Today spoke with about the IMPEACHMENT charade from the interview WILL COME out
I stand with let's bring our troops home ! time to leave the endless wars in the Middle East
Democrats cooked up two aicles of IMPEACHMENTo accomplish their goal and even attempt to prevent future ballot access
Since President Trumpelection some members of the Democrat pay HAVE been determined to impeach him first it was so ca
very true thank you Ted John I LOVE Texas !
WELCOME back James !
I think they SHOULD blame RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA AGAIN ! if they can't count votes properly how are they going to run US healthCare ?
the Democrat pay has given up on counting votes in Iowa looks like it all got computer fried nobody knows who the real WINNER is MAYBE it's Sleepy Joe but it's not looking that way they lost MILLIONS MILLIONS of dollars all for nothing But I won Iowa BIG !
Off to noh Carolina !
Iowa and NEW Hampshire WILL not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President great tradition !
JOBS JOBS JOBS ! # PromisesMadePromisesKept
Trump Boom US Adds 225k Jobs in January far Surpassing wall St Estimates
house republicans rebuke FBI director Wray for Tepid response to Damning IG repo
I'd fire him I listened to his testimony in the sCif he's a leaker not a whistleblower Vindman was upset that
ICYMI becausese of dishonest liberal media that was conspiring with Pelosi Schiff courtp cabal to try to destroy
Vindmans behavior is a scandal he SHOULD be removed from the white house ASAP to protect our foreign policy
the hapless Dems are still in denial it's HILARIOUS to watch they're still claiming despite alL evidence to the contrary
whether he realizes it or not andrew weissmann just admitted what we always knew the purpose of the MUELLER investigation
morning in AMERICA
breaking MUELLERTEAM was told by key witness in 2018 that RUSSIA collusion evidence found in Ukraine was fabricate
President Trump's BEST week ever continues
another win just in nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in congress sued me thrown out this one unanimous in the DC Circuit WITCH Hunt !
great to be in charlotte noh Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum Today we launched a BRand NEW nationwide campaign to revitalize under served cities and towns across AMERICA it's called OPPORTUNITY NOW !
always continue every republican Senator except Romney many highly religious PEOPLE all very sma voted against the IMPEACHMENT hoax was all in a great person I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer Pelosi that's all he is !
After YEARS building up other countries we are finally rebuilding OUR country from our inner cities to our rural communities the forgotten men and women of AMERICA are forgotten no lonGER ! # OPPORTUNITY NOW
AMERICA is WINNING !
I think they SHOULD blame RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA AGAIN ! if they can't count votes properly how are they going to run
the Democrat pay has given up on counting votes in Iowa looks like it all got computer fried nobody knows who
WAIT foT IT this may cause # TDS
can't wait to join tonight on it's been one hell of a great week for look for
what did AMERICANS learn from tonight# DemDebate ? Democrats want to beat Trump MORE than they want to work for the
the # DemDebate was emblematic of the Democrats week a TOTAL disaster sho on ideas to actually help AMERICANS
Povey has Hit the lowest Level in Two Decades thanks To # DemDebate # democraticdebate
while 2020 Democrats talk about helping the African AMERICAN community has acted * most funding for B
* he won't
Chris Christie Pete Buttigieg was outright lying about his record and when called out he looked like a deer in the hea
Bloomberg has a problem becausese of what he did with stop and frisk It was a HORROR shoW to be Black or latino in NEW York
not good !
the # DemDebates are really the BEST TV adveising courtld possibly buy to guarantee reelection
Mayor Pete says he can't answer question about whether he would HAVE approved a strike on Soleimani becauses
Joelying as usual # DemDebates
Apparently Joe Biden thinks shouting his gibberish MORE loudly than usual WILL overCOME that he had a dismal 4th place
Watch fomer Obama national security advisor Gen James Jones praises decision to strike iranian terror
NOW would be a good time to note that NatO is funded by 130 BILLION MORE today and 400 BILLION COMING by 2024 because
not a single Democrat WILL openly denounce socialism or a socialist candidate this is the true Democratic pay #
bizarro world Obama DOJ abusing FISA process creating fraudulent documents to target Trump not Scary Barr saying don't abuse
Today led # MAGA Nation in a massive fundraising effort for I don't want to break the n
After YEARS building up other countries we are finally rebuilding OUR country from our inner cities to our rural com
reminder Democrats that are NOW lecturing us on foreign policy vehemently opposed President Trumpnomination of
on the bright side he may still be able to take the defense minister position in the Ukraine that he was offered a few
despite nonstop effortrtss from Democrats and their media lap dogs to destroy donald Trump and his efforts to rebuild American
always continue every republican Senator except Romney many highly religious PEOPLE all very sma voted AGAIN
I was very surprised disappointed that'senator Joe Manchin of west Virginia voted against me on the DemocratTOTAL
was given a horrendous repo by his superior the man he repoed to who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement adhering to the chain of command and leaking information in other words OUT
FAKE NEWS MSDNC keep talking about Lt col Vindman as though I SHOULD think ONLY how wonderful he was Actually I don't know him Never spoke to him or met him I don't believe ! but he was very insubordinate repoed contents of my perfect calls incorrectly & amp
great poll in Iowa where I just landed for a BIG Rally ! # KAG2020
thank you Iowa for the record vote we just received in the Primary the Dems were 25 down although their votes are all fried !
crazy Nancy PelosiIMPEACHMENT hoax has lifted republican congressional Polls she lost the house once before ! and my Polls WAY UP which was expected but it has had a great effect on republican SENATE races including noh Carolina Kentucky colorado and Arizona thanks !
the ONLY way to stop the crazed Radical Left do nothing Democrats is for the republican SENATE to run an offense here so true although the Dems hoaxes WITCH hunts HAVE driven up republican Polls and mine mightily !
who called me tears flowing to thank me for rolling out the maximum red Carpet for the funeral of her husband then voted against me on the PARTISAN Impeachmen hoax said everybody Dems wants to get out of town this has been in my whole career one of
the worst weeks ever she courtld HAVE had a much better week if crazy Nancy who is the most overrated person in politics going to lose the house a second time didn't bring the phony corrupt IMPEACHMENT hoax Dems can't do anything right just look at the Iowa vote count !
we WILL not be touching your social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget ONLY the Democrats WILL destroy them by destroying our countrygreatest ever Economy !
MORE FAKE NEWS this was photoshopped obviously but the wind was strong and the hair looks good ? anything to demean !
the ONLY victories that matter in Washington are victories that deliver for the AMERICAN PEOPLE ! h
boarding Air force one heading to charlotte for the NC # OPPORTUNITYNOW Summit with
congratulations to my friends and colleagues on their NEW positions as the Ranking Memb
Democrats try to impeach him corporate media spends all day attacking him and all President Trump does is keep on fuel
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend he just canceled very hard to work with NEW York so stupid all they do is sue me all the time !
TOTAL and complete endorsement for Debbie Lesko ! LOVE Arizona
heres how President donald Trump thanked and of Arizona
looking forward to hearing from President on his ACQUITTAL !
forever
in the end this was a good week at the Capitol for the first time since Democrats took control of the house last year
congrats and Proud to serve alongside both of you
Pete Rose played Major League baseball for 24 seasons from 1963 1986 and had MORE hits 4256 than any other player by a wide margin he gambled but ONLY on his own TEAM WINNING and paid a decades long price get PETE ROSE INTO the baseball hall OF fame it's time !
thanks for the lift Mr President ! headed back home to noh Carolina with for the OPPORTUNITY NOW
a great coach and a fantastic guy His endorsement of me in indiana was a very BIG deal !
we are not just going for black voters is delivering results to the community School choice HBCU
this was a week that clearly wasn't good for the Democratic pay It was there no good terrible rotten week CNN
# DemDebate moderator what WILL you do about child povey ? elect SHOULD be the answer becausese
Make no mistake the # DemDebate plan for climate change is to eliminate MORE than 1 MILLION jobs in AMERICA by elimination
these Dems are talking about what they would do for the black community but look at what has actual
Watching this Democrat debate makes me so confident that WILL be celebrating on November
looking forward to joining in NEW Hampshire next week ! the message is simple it's optimism vs socialism
this week was the ONLY WINNER in Iowa next week I'm headed to NEW Hampshire with to keep
is COMING to colorado for an rally ! join us on Feb 20th !
it's an honor to be in the fight with you dad and I'd do it 1000 times over to make sure that you can keep delivering
Karma
Democrats HAVE ONLY used their house majority to conduct WITCH hunts and smear is rigged
7 MILLION BRand NEW jobs under President MORE Trump Economy reSULTS
great lineup on tonight with and all stas at 800 PM WILL be discussing and explaining the IMPEACHMENT hoax !
law Enforcement has been notified be careful tough GUYS who you play with !
can't say I mind the fact that the great PEOPLE of west Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator Joe Manchin they WILL Never forget his phony vote on the IMPEACHMENT hoax all he had to do is read the transcripts sadly which he would'nt understand anyway
But just like the PEOPLE of west Virginia WILL no longer look at weak pathetic Joe Manchin the same I got the Pension bill approved Manchin courtld nt do it the wonderful PEOPLE of Utah WILL Never look at grandstander Mitt Romney with anything but contempt disgust !
thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I HAVE gotten on my State of the Union speech It was an immense honor for me to HAVE presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful country !
the feeling of many about
Leading also in NEW Hampshire and most STATES the FAKE NEWS hates to repo this but you WILL see on November 3rd
thank you Iowa for the record vote we just received in the Primary the Dems were 25 down although their votes are
crazy Nancy PelosiIMPEACHMENT hoax has lifted republican congressional Polls she lost the house once before ! and
the Dems are crazed they WILL do anything honesty truth don't matter to them they are badly wounded Iowa vote count was a disaster for them !
Enjoyed talking with about the intersection of health and national security as well as how community
I grew up in NEW York City and over many YEARS got to watch how great NYC's Finest are NOW becausese of weak leadership at Governor Mayor stand away water thrown at them regulations and lack of suppo our wonderful NYC police are under assault Stop this NOW !
this video posted is triggering Pelosi and so many Democrats it's definitely woh sharing !
Watch win BIG in NH on Tuesday and see Uncle Joe HAVE a tough night
if President had promised an economy this good while he was a candidate the media would ve lost its mind
the National Association of Manufacturers is giving Ivanka Trump an award for suppoing manufacturing ! congrats
Fact check Zero Pinocchios
+ 1 # DemDebate
Unemployment is low for alL AMERICANS becausese of President Trump 6 African AMERICAN unemployment before POTUS African AMERICA
FACT the USMCA WILL suppo 54000 jobs in NEW Hampshire including 3500 manufacturing jobs Bernie Sanders still votw
Stanage the Clouds Are Darkening for the Democratic pay
DeFace the Nation WILL tell that he must sta up judiciary and not stop until the job is done Clean up DC NOW last chance !
an AMERICAN family is grieving the loss of a father husband President Trump eliminated the iranian terrorist who
Democrats on stage said they would not HAVE allowed the kind of shady foreign BUSINESS DEALS that Joe Biden allowed his s
in tonightdebate Democrats agreed that they d all HAVE permitted Qassem Soleimani to continue to walk the Eah not
Pete Buttigieg says if he was President terrorist leader Soleimani would still be alive
Flashback to when Obama Biden National Security Advisor Gen James Jones praised the decision to take out dangerous IRANi
Murdock Democrats Trump is giving AMERICA the economy you claim to want be honest and say thanks # demdebate
the economy is BOOMING AMERICANS are WINNING the latest jobs repo proves President great AMERICA
from the NEW York timeS Black workers wages Are Finally Rising
hemingway IMPEACHMENTheater courtld not HAVE Gone worse for Democrats
this WILL Never get old !
this is so true !
Standing ovation for Trump as he's introduced at the National Prayer Breakfast even Nancy Pelosi stands and applauds Trump
Pence blasted Pelosis behavior during Trump's State Of the Union in a sit down interview with me today not just
Nancy Pelosi ripped the tribute to this family to shreds
Mcconnell Rips Democrats Over Iowa Caucus Mishap can't even count Votes
the sham IMPEACHMENT attempt concocted by Democrats ended in the full vindication and exoneration of President
YES ! ! ! ! !
Romney some very good republican Senators and he was wrong about the IMPEACHMENT hoax no clue !
Senior Advisor highlights how President policies are lifting the lives of everyday AMERICANS
the real problem is the Democrats and Nancy are so blinded by hate hatred of donald Trump that they can't even function
this is what Nancy Pelosi ripped up a truly shameful move even for her
they are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in west Virginia he courtld nt understand the transcripts Romney courtld but didn't want to !
Mitt Romney has stabbed Trump in the back and WILL join Democrats in their shameful attempt to oveurn an
Mitt Romney is tied to Hunter BidenBurisma corruption this is why he's bent over backwards for the mediare
Romney is covering up his pa in corruption in Ukraine this has nothing to do with truth or
I don't know who the heckler is but he is my hero ! Nadler was rattled ! one of the BEST things to COME from the
anyone that votes to IMPEAch OUR President over an UNCONSTITUTIIONAL house IMPEACHMENT better start packing
they conservatives thought the merits of the IMPEACHMENT case were weak and therefore his Romneyjudgement is questioned
it's all turning and fast ! MVP heckler
Sabato got it all wrong last time Never came close to understanding the Trump Voter Actually it's simple MAKE AMERICA great AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA great !
is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in than he is at telling you what is going to happen becausese in fact he doesn't HAVE a clue !
so good to see that republicans WILL be WINNING the great State of ALABAMA SENATE Seat back NOW that lightweight Senator cast a PARTISAN vote for the IMPEACHMENT hoax thought his boss Cryin chuck would HAVE forced him to vote against the hoax a do nothing Stiff !
FBI director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal so was the FAKE dossier therefore the whoLE SCAM inVESTIGatIon the MUELLER repo and everythinG elSE for threE YEARS Was a FIXED hoAX who payS the PRICE ?
this is the biggest political crime in AMERICAN history by far SIMPLY PUT the pay in POWER illegally SPIED on my CampaIGN BOth before and AFTER the election in ORDER TO chanGE OR NULLifY the reSULTS OF the election IT conTinUED on with the IMPEACHMENT hoAX Terrible !
It would be soooooo terrible if this video hits 10000000 views as Nancy doesn't want AMERICANS to see how disgraceful she
WILL be in Manchester NEW Hampshire tonight for a BIG Rally want to shake up the Dems a little bit they HAVE a really boring deal going on Still waiting for the Iowa results votes were fried BIG crowds in Manchester !
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record ! 53 overall plus add 9 points ? corrupt Democrat POLITICIANs HAVE brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the IMPEACHMENT hoax thank you Nancy !
because of how badly they did with the IMPEACHMENT hoax AOC WILL primary Cryin chuck Schumer and win and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent ! It is all getting quite interesting Pelosi WILL lose the house AGAIN ! my poll numbers great
hope the FAKE NEWS which Never discusses it is talking about the BIG crowds forming for my NEW Hampshire Rally tonight they won't !
thank you to of the NEW York Post for your interesting and correct column today Trump has gained 20 points since IMPEACHMENT began in October he gets 67 on economy nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high 28 up 10 points in a year nice one Nancy
Meeting with US Governors in a sho while all STATES are doing well thank you Mr President
the PEOPLE are HAPPY with President Trump and they see how poorly he is being treated
KEEP AMERICA great in just 3 YEARS President has accomplished
it's all turning and fast ! MVP heckler
cold rain sNOW and lots of Trump Supporters despite the miserable weather there are already MORE PEOPLE lining up outside
wall Street Journal Editorial she crazy Nancy aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe
a lot of PEOPLE feel defeated Trump always wins it'seems like nothing can stop him Danny Villazon But isn't that what you want from your President ?
TOUGH GUYS for TRUMP !
VindiCatIon innocent and SHOULD Demand justice for courtp attack from Schiff to Obama Study
breaking made the following statement regarding the Senatevote to acquit congratulatio
SHOULD Never happen to another President !
breaking how whistleblower doomed IMPEACHMENT Case from Sta
President Trump SHOULD sue rep Adam Schiff and his co conspirators including the so called whistleblower and the in
breaking Gabriel Sanz rexach is Obama official who was the FISA gatekeeper at DOJ in 2016 when the illegal warrant to spy
breaking Dana Boente was the hi ranking DOJ official held over from the Obama admin who'signed off on the NOW invalid 3rd
breaking FBI director Wray is initiating FISA reform training but ONLY at FBI field offices even though the illegal FI
if we ever find out that there was a group of PEOPLE within the government that were working together to craft something
breaking Like the steele dossier the Black Ledger Pushed by anti Trump Ukraine Operatives Was a Fabrication the
nice conflict Brown dropped out of Presidential race FAST Polled at ZERO !
just returned to white house from dover very sad !
a * 9 year * prison recommendation for non violent crimes committed by a 67year old man
Prosecutors disregard govt witness Randy Credicos plea for no jail time for Stone on the grounds that he didn't take
this is a horrible and very unfair situation the real crimes were on the other side as nothing happens to them Can not allow this miscarriage of justice !
BEST USA Economy in history !
WOW Bloomberg IS a TOTAL RACIST !
great being in NEW Hampshire last night I would say that was the biggest political Rally in NEW Hampshire history incredible evening !
NEW stock market record congratulations spend your MONEY wisely KEEP AMERICA great ! ! ! ! !
Mini Mike is a sho ball very hitter Tiny club head speed KEEP AMERICA great !
when Jerome Powell staed his testimony today the dow was up 125 heading higher as he'spoke it drifted steadily downward as usual and is NOW at 15 Germany other countries get paid to borrow MONEY we are MORE prime but Fed Rate is too high dollar tough on expos
BEST USA Economy in history !
TOUGH GUYS for TRUMP !
thank you NEW Hampshire !
a lot of PEOPLE feel defeated Trump always wins it'seems like nothing can stop him Danny Villazon
wall Street Journal Editorial she crazy Nancy aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay a record ! 53 overall plus add 9 points ? corrupt Democrat POLITICIANs
President Trumpbudget sets the right priorities Funds the wall Suppos our military Cuts wasteful foreign aid Ena
MAKE AMERICA great AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA great !
all staing to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation !
the DOJ is changing its sentencing recommendation for Roger Stone according to a Senior DOJ official the Depament fi
Is this the judge that put Paul Manafo in soLITARY conFineMENT something that not even mobster al Capone had to endure ? how did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton ? just asking !
and a swamp creature with pull was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 YEARS for a phony MUELLER WITCH Hunt disgrace Caught !
whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager PodestaBRother ? wasn't he caught forced to leave his firm with BIG BAD things to happen ? why did nothing ever happen to him ONLY to the other side ?
Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is having a really bad night I think she is sending signals that'she wants out Calling for unity is her way of getting there going home and having a nice cold beer with her husband !
IMPEACHMENT king Steyer how did that work out ? spent 200 MILLION dollars and got less than 1 of the vote in Iowa and ONLY 3 of the Vote in NEW Hampshire courtld it be that'something is just plain missing ? not easy to do what I did is it ?
who are the four prosecutors MUELLER PEOPLE ? who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal the MUELLER SCAM and SHOULD nt ever even HAVE staed ? 13 angry Democrats ?
a lot of Democrat dropouts tonight very low political IQ
just got off the phone with my BRother in NEW Hampshire he'said his girlfriend is a Democrat but after watching the SCOTUS an
WINNER President TRUMP !
a very bad night for Mini Mike !
Bootedgeedge Buttigieg is doing pretty well tonight Giving crazy Bernie a run for his MONEY very interesting !
Prosecutorial MISCONDUCT ?
the FAKE NEWS Media is looking hard for the BIG Democrat Story but there is nothing too fabulous would'nt a BIG story be that I got MORE NEW Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent President in either pay in the history of that great State ? not an insignificant fact !
FAKE NEWS and MSDNC HAVE not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in NEW Hampshire and in Iowa that's why they are poorly rated FAKE NEWS ! I WILL win both STATES in November
congratulations to attorney General bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was TOTALLY out of control and perhaps SHOULD not HAVE even been brought Evidence NOW clearly shows that the MUELLER SCAM was improperly brought tainted even Bob MUELLER lied to congress !
Two months in jail for a swamp Creature YET 9 YEARS recommended for Roger Stone who was not even working for the Trump Campaign Gee that'sounds very fair ! rogue prosecutors MAYBE ? the swamp !
every Democrat is running to raise taxes she Pocahontas lied about her ethnicity that was her problem so true Dagen !
Crowd erupts at rally in Bedford after NH republican pay chair announces AP repoing President Trump wins NH # NHPol
It is very impoant for our country SECURITY that the UNITED STATES SENATE not vote for the IRAN War POWERs resolution we are doing very well with IRAN and this is not the time to show weakness AMERICANS overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani
if my hands were tied IRAN would HAVE a field day Sends a very bad signal the Democrats are ONLY doing this as an attempt to embarrass the republican pay don't let it happen !
Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in congress ! thanks to Ways Means and Education labor committees for your work on bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs ! work with Energy commerce help committees to send bipartisan bill to my desk !
of California is running for congress in 2020 Jay WILL help me to continue securing the southern Border he LOVES our great law Enforcement Officers Military vets and he WILL protect your # 2a Jay has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
did great things as Mayor of Irving Texas with my Administration she is a Strong conservative who'suppos Border Security LOVES our Military vets and suppos your # 2a beth has my Full endorsement for congress !
is a great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for congress he WILL protect your # 2a fight for our Farmers Oil Gas workers and he'suppose our # MAGA # KAG Agenda august has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
is running for congress in the great State of Texas he WILL help us accomplish our AMERICA first policies wesley is strong on Crime the Border our 2nd amendment Trade Military and vets wesley has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
Rosendale is a Strong conservative fighter for montana Matt stands w our Brave Veterans LOVES our Military and he WILL continue working to Secure our Border Matt WILL Never let our # 2a go unprotected Matt has my TOTAL endorsement !
is running for congress in NY I know her well we NEED her to defeat Max Rose who voted for IMPEACHMENT ! nicole is Strong on Crime Borders # 2a Cutting Taxes she LOVES our Military vets nicole has my complete TOTAL endorsement !
is a fantastic candidate running in NEW York where she was a great member of congress she is Strong on Crime Borders Cutting Taxes your # 2a and she LOVES our Military and vets Claudia has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
great NEWS ! # KAG2020
NOW it looks like the fore person in the jury in the Roger Stone case had significant bias Add that to everything else and this is not looking good for the justice Depament
Deven Nunes predicts that MORE examples of MUELLER TEAM MISCONDUCT WILL be revealed in COMING weeks
Full video 12 Today Advisor to the President delivered remarks at the one year anniversary of the launch of
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a loSER who has MONEY but can't debate and has zero presence you WILL see he reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb low Energy Bush but Jeb has MORE political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini !
Mini Mike is a 54 mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional POLITICIANs no boxes please he hates crazy Bernie and WILL with enough MONEY possibly stop him BerniePEOPLE WILL go nuts !
DRAin the swamp ! we want bad PEOPLE out of our government !
when I terminated John Kelly which I courtld nt do fast enough he knew full well that he was way over his head being chief of Staff just wasn't for him he came in with a bang went out with a whimper but like so many Xhe misses the action just can't keep his mouth shut
which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do His incredible wife Karen who I HAVE a lot of respect for once pulled me aside said strongly that John respects you greatly when we are no longer here he WILL ONLY speak well of you Wrong !
I'm seeing Governor Cuomo today at the white house he must understand that National Security far exceeds politics NEW York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits harrassment sta cleaning itself up and lowering taxes Build relationships but don't bring fredo !
why would I not chiefs Bashaud Breeland looking forward To wh Visit After Super Bowl win
the President has Never asked me to do anything in a criminal case AG Barr this doesn't mean that I do not HAVE as President the legal right to do so I do but I HAVE so far chosen not to !
DRAin the swamp ! we want bad PEOPLE out of our government !
President Trump with sma policies has done MORE to help the Black community than any President in the modern era
I was very surprised disappointed that'senator Joe Manchin of west Virginia voted against me on the Democrat TOTALLY PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT hoax no President has done MORE for the great PEOPLE of west Virginia than me Pensions and that WILL
always continue every republican Senator except Romney many highly religious PEOPLE all very sma voted against the IMPEACHMENT hoax was all in a great person I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer Pelosi that's what he is !
95 Approval Rating in the republican pay thank you !
It is happening against crazy Bernie just like last time ONLY far MORE obvious they are taking the Democrat nomination away from him and therevery little he can do a Rigged System !
thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the ship westerdam INTO your po the UNITED STATES WILL remember your courtesy !
It has been two YEARS since the tragedy in Parkland we WILL always mourn the innocent lives taken from us 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul
the greatest name in politics patrick from the great State of noh Carolina is a conservative Fighter and a true Leader who alWAYS suppos our # MAGA Agenda patrick has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
Brooks is running for congress in the great State of ALABAMA he is a huge suppoer of the # MAGA Agenda mo fully suppos Securing our Border the wall he LOVES our Military vets is Strong on the # 2a mo has my complete endorsement !
from the great State of Texas has been an incredible suppoer of our # MAGA Agenda Jodey fully suppos Securing our Border w the wall he LOVES our Military vets and is Strong on the # 2a Jodey has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
is a strong conservative Leader who WILL always fight for the PEOPLE of California he fully suppos our # MAGA Agenda WILL continue to Secure Our Border LOVES our Military vets is Strong on the # 2a Tom has my complete endorsement !
It has been two YEARS since the tragedy in Parkland we WILL always mourn the innocent lives taken from us 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul
Today and I encourtrage all AMERICANS to cherish and honor the memory of those we HAVE lost through acts of LOVE and service we WILL hold Parkland forever in our
thank you Arnold very nice
I look forward to attending the DAYTON 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida including the france family and from # FL6 see you there good luck to everyone !
is a Fantastic republican from the great State of Texas ! he fully suppos our # MAGA and # KAG Agenda Border wall Military vets and your second amendment louie is my friend and has my complete and TOTAL endorsement !
I look forward to attending the DAYTON 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida including the france
great honor I think ? Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that donald J Trump is number 1 on Facebook number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of india Actually I am going to india in two weeks looking forward to it !
nice !
MAKE AMERICA great AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA great !
this IS HILARIOUS Mayor of Georgetown in the US excused himself to go use the washroom in the middle of a meeting & amp
Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate IMPEACHMENT trial of President Trump when you strike at the king Emerson famously said you must kill him Mr Trumpfoes struck at him but did not take him down a triumphant Mr Trump emerges from the
biggest test of his presidency emboldened ready to claim exoneration and take his case of grievance persecution and resentment to the campaign trail Peter Baker the greatest WITCH Hunt in AMERICAN history !
IG repo on andrew McCabe Misled investigators over roll in NEWS media disclosure lacked Candor Lied on four separate occasions authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests IG recommended MCCAbeFIRING
Proof it's all about emotion to liberals ! I'm not a small guy and she was afraid of my hat ! Are you
thank you David !
President promised the AMERICAN PEOPLE that he would bring back jobs and bring back manufacturing he kept
Vice President at President has the backs of our Men women in uniform !
Under President leadership MORE than 90 percent of the regulations that identified as hur
I courtld nt agree MORE socialist Democrats can't compete with incredible track record
YEARS ago the Democrats had the MONEY to build the wall but they didn't HAVE any idea how to get it done I am building it BIGGER and better than ever thought possible !
from DAY one President fought to give Border patrol Agents the resources they NEED the results HAVE been
not one MORE life SHOULD be stolen by a Sanctuary City President is calling on congress to give AMERICAN
from day one President has fought to give our Border patrol the resources they NEED the results HAVE
policies HAVE kicked AMERICAeconomic engine INTO high gear last month marked the 23rd consecut
while Democrats HAVE tried to obstruct at every turn has nominated and the Senate has confirmed 192
remember WILL be at DAYTON 500 tomorrow !
BIG PROGRESS !
President and WELCOMEd the President and first lady of Ecuador to the white house this week !
Early on in 2015 I saw something in and I predicted his win some are trying to do the same thing
President USMCA WILL HAVE a tremendous effect on GDP !
thank you to for your kind words on the great PROGRESS we HAVE made on our POWERFUL African AMERICAN Agenda for one lowest unemployment numbers in USA history Many other great records !
almost a month ago the Senate passed and signed # USMCA this agreement brought our countrytrade INTO the 21st
the SENATE is back to work for the AMERICAN ppl this week 4 district courtrt judges nominated by were confirmed
Over 7 MILLION NEW jobs 50year low unemployment wages continue to rise no wonder Democrats are struggling to explanation
AMERICAN workers are WINNING and the numbers prove it'see for yourself !
in order to politically attack one President they do not like Washington Democrats proved WILLing to attack our underlying
Over 60 of AMERICANS feel optimistic about the economy the future the economic boom under is real
Human trafficking remains an urgent human rights crisis and we must work together to # Endit for good Sen Rubio joins
Economic freedom and free markets those are the engines of our economy socialism is an enemy of our economy I think
while Democrats fumble around a BLUE collar BOOM continues ! Watch
FloridaAfrican AMERICAN community has made everlasting contributions to our statepast present and future together
this February we celebrate # Blackhistorymonth to honor the successes contributions and advancements of African AMERICANS
in killing Soleimani eliminated a terrorist mastermind who had been responsible for MORE AMERICA
on the Senate Floor chairman a socialist is NOW the front runner for the Democrat nomination for preside
# onthisDay in 1809 Kentucky native Abraham Lincoln was born join me in celebrating the life of our 16th President
chairman 60 of AMERICANS say they are financially better off NOW than they were a year ago and over 70
thanks to GOP economic policies MORE AMERICANS are working the economy is thriving while the larger economy continue
with 225000 jobs created last month alone the US economy is continuing to fire on all cylinders !
Our BOOMING economy is drawing AMERICANS off the sidelines and BACK TO woRK at the highest rate in 30 YEARS ! MORE Jobs
while Dems continue to peddle their socialist fantasies GOP economic policies HAVE made life better for AMERICANS and
as the latest # jobs repo shows tax relief regulatory reform and trade DEALS like # USMCA are fueling our economy
SENATE Democrats spent YEARS saying when it comes to IRAN we SHOULD Never take the military option off the table But
joined on this afternoon to talk about how my OPPORTUNITY Zones are working across the nation
getting ready to go to the DAYTON 500 WILL be great !
last week the FAKE NEWS said that a section of our POWERFUL under construction southern Border wall fell over trying to make it'sound terrible except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured soaking wet when BIG winds kicked in Quickly fixed forever
# DAYTON500
Trump makes Presidential history at DAYTON 500 race
Trump gave remarks at the DAYTON 500 pre-race ceremony stood on the track for the national anthem and prayer and
Scenes from President Trumpvisit to DAYTON 500
the President of the UNITED STATES gives the command for the 2020 # DAYTON500
Trump praised pure AMERICAN glory at DAYTON 500 before taking lap in the beast
HAPPY President's DAY !
they tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last IMPEACHMENT trial that we went through in Arizona PEOPLE are TIRED of their obstruction their investigations and their IMPEACHMENTS they want them to get to work thanks Maha
# DAYTON500
completion of the DAYTON 500 on Fox network NOW Enjoy !
did you hear the latest con job ? President Obama is NOW trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration he had the weakest recovery since the great Depression despite Zero Fed Rate massIVE quantitative easing NOW BEST jobs numbers
ever had to rebuild our military which was TOTALLY depleted Fed Rate UP taxes and regulations WAY doWN if Dems won in 2016 the USA would be in BIG economic Depression ? military trouble right NOW the BEST IS YET TO COME KEEP AMERICA great !
Praying for Ryan Newman a great and brave driver ! # PrayingforRyan
the whistleblower who'staed the IMPEACHMENT sham was biased against the President worked with Joe Biden and met with
thank you Clint !
here is the final lap of the DAYTON 500 in which Ryan Newmans car was flipped at the line we WILL continue to keep you
you didn't think we were getting through this without the BIG one right ? # DAYTON500
judge Jackson NOW has a request for a NEW trial based on the unambigious self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way Madam foreperson your a lawyer you HAVE a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the
these were MUELLER prosecutors and the whole MUELLER investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and NOW fully discredited FAKE dossier lying and forging documents to the FISA and many other things everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is
badly tainted and in my opinion SHOULD be thrown out even MUELLER's statement to congress that he did not see me to become the FBI director AGAIN has been proven false the whole deal was a TOTAL SCAM if I wasn't President I'd be suing everyone all over the place
BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL WITCH HUNT !
the Crooked DNC is working oveime to take the Democrat nomination away from Bernie AGAIN ! Watch what happens to the super Delegates in Round Two a Rigged convention !
the UNITED STATES can not WILL not become SUCH a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product including for the always used National Security excuse that our companies WILL be forced to leave in order to remain competitive we want to sell
the UNITED STATES IS OPEN for BUSINESS !
I HAVE seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by congress and they are ridiculous I want to make it EASY to do BUSINESS with the UNITED STATES not difficult everyone in my Administration is being so instructed with no excuses
product and goods to CHINA and other countries that's what trade is all about we don't want to make it impossible to do BUSINESS with us that WILL ONLY mean that orders WILL go to someplace else as an example I want CHINA to buy our jet engines the BEST in the world
judge Jackson NOW has a request for a NEW trial based on the unambigious self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way Madam foreperson you're a lawyer you HAVE a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the
would order a NEW trial I'm not so sure about judge Jackson I don't know andrew Napolitano
existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President the PEOPLE who'suppo him don't you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury Pretty obvious he SHOULD get a NEW trial I think almost any judge in the country
Building a border wall system at one time was very bipartisan and nonpolitical Its ONLY NOW that'some are choosing politi
the Mayorefforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who HAVE to go INTO the field to apprehend those released he SHOULD nt be urging illegals to beat the system he SHOULD be urging them to safely turn themselves in !
Chris Jacobs WILL be a great congressman who WILL always fight for the PEOPLE of NEW York he'suppos our # MAGA Agenda WILL continue to Secure Our Border LOVES our Military vets and is Strong on the # 2a Chris has my complete endorsement for the special election on 428 !
what Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution he is spreading MONEY all over the place ONLY to HAVE recipients of his cash payments many fomer opponents happily joining or suppoing his campaign isn't that called a payoff ?
Mini is illegally buying the Democrat nomination they are taking it away from Bernie AGAIN Mini Mike Major pay nominations are not for sale ! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember no standing on boxes !
Mini Mike no I would rather run against you !
I hope the Federal judges Association WILL discuss the tremendous FISA court abuse that has taken place with respect to the MUELLER investigation SCAM including the forging of documents and knowingly using the FAKE and TOTALLY discredited dossier before the court thank you !
thank you ! # MAGA # KAG2020
and this despite FAKE WITCH hunts the MUELLER SCAM the IMPEACHMENT hoax etc. with our Economy Jobs Military vets 2a MORE I would be at 70 Oh well what can you do ?
I'm in tears
congratulations to Eddie DeBaolo Jr and your wonderful family of friends !
there must be justice this can Never happen to a President or our country AGAIN !
angry is a BIG time understatement Pelosi Schiff and Nadler SHOULD be stripped of their gavels and the Dems SHOULD be
when law ends tyranny begins the Trump RUSSIA collusion hoax was rigged w gross MISCONDUCT ! the targeting of AG Barr
a brazen attempt at gaslighting from the media here we HAVE a long documented trail and an IG repo showing high level
the FBI lied to the FISA court 17 times using knowingly false info in FISA applications concealed exonerating evidence
the MORE drained out the swamp gets the MORE the swamp creatures act out in protest
FISA fraud of Historic Propoions and DOJ is complaining About Tweets ? remarkable
the courtp cabal is worried about Barr
Meanwhile Obama gang interfered in RUSSIA election interference investigation to protect Obamas emails while crookedly spy
the Deep State is concerned that AG Barr might do the right thing and they are desperate to do everything
Over 11 YEARS ago FBI interviewed Barack Obama about sale of his SENATE seat therea FBI 302 repo of interview
breaking is the President reagan ordered halt of a criminal grand jury investigation against British Ai
President has a positive constitutional obligation to speak up about DOJ corruption
Barr SHOULD clean house at the victim of a seditious conspiracy out of DOJ FBI etc. President
Kerry Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act this is why IRAN is not making a deal Must be dealt with strongly !
speaking of the Logan Act
doing the heavy lifting exposing the worst corruption scandal in AMERICAN history
you all but accused Michael Flynn of treason for talking to world leaders on behalf of the incoming President and NOW you w
Is corrupt Bloomberg NEWS going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is that he doesn't respect our great farmers or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with payoffs all over the place ?
highest stock market in history by far !
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our country and wish him well in his future endeavors !
# Watch US President donald Trump in Washington on his visit to india I happen to like PM Modi a lot he told me we WILL HAVE 7 mi
# NamasteTrump a 22kilometre long roadshow is planned in Ahmedabad to WELCOME the UNITED STATES President
heres all that you NEED to know about US President donald Trump's visit to india # ITVideo MORE videos
the worlds newest biggest # cricket stadium also the venue of joint Modi Trump visit in western # indias gujarat stat
and this despite FAKE WITCH hunts the MUELLER SCAM the IMPEACHMENT hoax etc. with our Economy Jobs Military
internal real Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates the FAKE NEWS Polls here we go AGAIN just like 2016 show losing or tied their polls WILL be proven corrupt on November 3rd just like the FAKE NEWS is corrupt !
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat he'served 8 YEARS in prison with many remaining he paid a BIG price another Comey and gang deal ! thank you to who really gets whatgoing on !
Today marks 75 YEARS since the Marine corps launched an amphibious assault onto the island of Iwo Jima beginning one of the bloo
can't wait to be home see you soon Bakersfield ! # KAG2020
LIVE President Delivers remarks on Water Accessibility
heading to Arizona BIG rally and BIG crowd ! # MAGA # KAG2020
WOW ! President is depaing Bakersfield California for Phoenix Arizona NOW ! # TrumpRallyPhoenix # KAG2
here is the line for the Trump Rally in Phoenix tonight ! HUGE ! # TrumpRallyPhoenix
I am on my WAY see you soon !
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected ambassador to Germany WILL become the Acting director of National intelligence Rick has represented our country EXCEEDINGLY well and I look forward to working with him I would like to thank Joe Maguire
for the wonderful job he has done and we look forward to working with him closely perhaps in another capacity within the Administration !
a beautiful evening in Phoenix Arizona with great AMERICAN patriots thank you !
the Democrat pay is the pay of high taxes high crime open borders late term aboion socialism blatant corruption and the TOTAL destruction of your second amendment the republican pay is the pay of the AMERICAN worker the AMERICAN Family and the AMERICAN Dream !
what has happened to Roger Stone SHOULD Never happen to anyone in our country AGAIN
thank you Arizona ! with your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on WINNING ! AMERICA is thriving like Never before and the BEST IS YET TO COME !
Mini Mike Bloombergdebate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates and there HAVE been some really bad ones he was stumbling bumbling and grossly incompetent if this doesn't knock him out of the race nothing WILL not so easy to do what I did !
Jennifer Rubin the wacko conservative of the must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late he is gone !
this is the real Mini Mike he admitted many times that he is a fan of donald Trump he's a NEW York Icon thank you Mike !
who is actually delivering for latinos ? record low unemployment record low povey rate record
a billionaire is definitely WINNING this # DemDebate it's
Arizona is BOOMING thanks to President Unemployment is falling labor force paicipation is rising ! 239
Earlier today President delivered on his promise to protect the security of our homegrown food supply by si
President WILL be taking the stage in Phoenix sholy here are some of the great things he is doing for A
while Democrats debate how they plan to destroy the country President is fighting for you ! # DemDebate
a really great moment !
a congressional delegation brought water accessibility issues to President attention and he'said Lets
AMERICA is a nation built by farmers President
the contrast at the # StateOftheUnion WILL be clear has a BOOMING economy countless successes like #
while the tries to figure out what went wrong after having 3 YEARS to prepare for # IowaCaucuses the results
this makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night worst debate performance in history !
this is the real Mini Mike he admitted many times that he is a fan of donald Trump he's a NEW York Icon thank you
they say Roger Stone lied to congress OH I see but so did Comey and he also leaked classified information for which almost everyone other than Crooked Hillary Clinton goes to jail for a long time and so did andy McCabe who also lied to the FBI ! FAIRNESS ?
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to IRAN if a republican did what they did there would be very serious ramifications !
I don't think thereany chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump Mini Mike Bloomberg Mini thereeven less chance ESPECIALLY after watching your debate performance last night of you WINNING the Democrat nomination But I hope you do !
the decision not to prosecute andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable
the real WINNER last night was donald Trump Mini Mike Bloomberg I agree !
LIVE President gives hope for Prisoners commencement address !
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today where we'reaffirmed that AMERICA is a nation that believes in redemption !
courtld somebody at please explain to Trump hater AB Stoddard zero talent ! and that I won every one of my debates from beginning to end check the polls taken immediately after the debates the debates got me elected Must be Fox board member Paul Ryan !
just arrived in Colorado'see everyone soon !
WOW thank you on my way ! !
LIVE President Trump in Colorado'springs co # TrumpRallyco Text TRUMP to 88022
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado'springs tonight beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky mountains with thousands of terrific hardworking AMERICAN patriots with your help this November we are going to defeat the radical socialist Dems and we are going to win colorado !
thank you to our great US ambassador to Germany for stepping in to serve as acting Dni I WILL be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon stay tuned !
is my friend and a tremendous public servant His appointment by is historic making high
great Rally in colorado thank you WILL be back soon !
she SHOULD Never HAVE been on that jury everything about this stinks
#TDSwarning when he was done remodeling he put one Trump flag in the window and he got a letter from somebody that
is paying MILLIONS of for social media influencers and shitty memes while is paying zero
I know he's a great guY
I'm a BIG Fan of
if OUR forMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH time as the TRADE DEALS with CHINA MEXICO CANADA and others FULLY KICK in that AID WILL be PROVIDED by the FEDERal GOVERNMENT paID for OUT OF the massIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO the USA !
another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in congress saying that RUSSIA prefers me to any of the do nothing Democrat candidates who'still HAVE been unable to after two weeks count their votes in Iowa hoax number 7 !
After decades of conflict we HAVE COME to an understanding with the Taliban on a significant reduction in violence across #
announced that the US reached an understanding with the Taliban on a significant nationwide reduction in
Sr State Dept official the reduction in violence WILL sta tonight Afghanistan time and if properly implemented the
the week long reduction in Violence agreed between US Taliban negotiators WILL begin at midnight tonight Afghan officials
a week long reduction in violence between the Taliban and US and Afghan security forces WILL begin at midnight local time h
four great candidates are under consideration at Dni Decision within next few weeks !
Mitch and I HAVE made great PROGRESS COMING back fast !
individuals trapped in a cycle of addiction often NEED assistance to find living employment which are vital to their
at request the Trump Administration deployed the advanced Unified Method using electronic technology
AMERICAN workers from alL backgrounds are WINNING in our strong healthy and growing economy ! as we continue to honor # Bla
HAPPY 79th birthday to for 79 YEARS the # USCGR has protected the homeland and kept our pos safe thank you
Unemployment is at a nearly 50year low consumer confidence is soaring AMERICANS are entering and succeeding in
Our servicemembers stand ready to defend our interests each day Meeting w military leaders on the ground allows us to see
Obama sure didn't build this economy cut taxes cut regulations and the economy boomed !
January # Jobsrepo 225000 NEW jobs added 50year record low unemployment at 36 MORE than 7 MILLION jobs create
highest Trump Poll numbers ever ! thank you !
so has very bad ratings on with his FAKE guests like ABStoddard and others that'still haven't figured it all out WILL he get the same treatment as his friend shepherd Smith who also suffered from the ratings drought ?
on my WAY ! # KAG2020 m
thank you las Vegas nevada ! I was delighted to be back in a state I LOVE with proud hardworking patRIOTS with your help this November we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and we are going to win nevada in a landslide ! # KAG2020
republicans are fighting for citizens from every background every community every walk of life we are the pay of boundless optimism excitement energy enthusiasm we are welCOMING AMERICANS of all paies political persuasions to join our incredible movement to # MAGA !
the reason for this is that the do nothing Democrats using disinformation hoax number 7 don't want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat nomination and they figure this would be very bad for his chances it's all rigged AGAIN against crazy Bernie Sanders !
MSDNC comcast Slime and others of the FAKE Media HAVE NOW added crazy Bernie to the list of RUSSIAn Sympathizers along with Jill Stein of the Green pay both agents of RUSSIA they say But NOW they repo President Putin wants Bernie or me to win
heres a Bernie is Putins puppet meme for no paicular reason
Simply put he choked !
amusing first Bloomberg called for Biden Buttigieg Klobuchar to quit race hey all you losers leave it to Mike ! NOW
Good luck Angela !
there is no MORE obvious and pathetic sign of Democrats panic about the upcomming 2020 election than the convenient return
what a coincidence right before nevada ! Staing to think the reason Bernie bros are so angry is they realize the Democra
then AGAIN let's be honest if you're Putin you probably do want to sit across the negotiating table from a guy who honey
donald Trump Mastermind Liberals detect a devious cover up plot with bill Barr via
Cleaning the garlic from the pantry before the vampire pay # Democrat TEAMERICA
Bam ! Trey Gowdy Slams the NYT repo claiming RUSSIA is trying to help get President Trump reelected in November this
San diego sheriffs Depament is the first to announce its cooperation with ICE they WILL share information about criminal
what a coincidence that RUSSIA always happens to suppo whoever the Democrat pay elites are trying to destroy at any given
did you know RUSSIA donated over 145000000 to the Clinton foundation Hillary Clinton sold 20 AMERICAUranium to
friend of mine a JAG lawyer just made an interesting point about RUSSIA Sanders Wait I thought the protocol was to
ICE Arrests 2 Illegal aliens in house flouting NEW State law Our officers WILL not HAVE their hands tied by
incredible PEOPLE great Rally !
an investigation INTO nothing the wonderful on the MUELLER WITCH Hunt !
Democrats in the great State of nevada which becausese of the Economy Jobs the Military vets I WILL win in November be careful of RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA According to corrupt POLITICIAN Adam shifty Schiff they are pushing for crazy Bernie Sanders to win Vote !
WOW great foresight !